{\slash} Soldiers, helmets cocked down, legs spread, trampling, muscles drawn back, 
    over new-born babes swaddled in scarlet, violet shawls 
: babies falling from arms of women huddled on floors of G.M.C. trucks 
; driver's free hand pushing back goat thrown forward into cab 
{\semislash} Ferkous pass, RIMA platoon crossing over track 
; soldiers jumping out of trucks 
; RIMA squad lying down on gravel, heads pressed against flint-pitted, 
    thorn-studded tires, stripping off shirts in shadow of mudguards 
; women rocking babies against breasts 
; rocking movement stirring up scents sharpened with bonfire-sweat impregnating rags, hair, flesh 
: oil, cloves, henna, butter, indigo, black antimony 
--- in Ferkous valley, below breakwater heaped with charred cedars, 
    barley, wheat, bee-hives, tombstones, drinks-stand, school, gaddous, fig-trees, mechtas, 
    stone walls oozing spattered with brains, orchards blooming, palm-trees, swollen in fire, 
    exploding 
: flowers, pollen, buds, grasses, paper, rags spotted with milk, with shit, with blood, fruit-peel, 
    feathers, lifted, shaken, tossed from flame to flame in wind pulling up fire, from earth 
; slumping soldiers straightening up, sniffing tarpaulin flaps, 
    pressing tear-stained cheeks onto burning rails, rubbing members against dusty tires 
; sucking in cheeks, drooling over painted wood 
; truck-squad, down in dry river bed, cutting rhododendrons, milk from stalks mixing on 
    knife-blades with blood of youths disembowelled in onyx-quarry against central vein 
; soldiers cutting back, pulling up saplings, digging out roots with studded boots 
; others kicking, swinging lopsided 
: camel-dung, grenades, eagle-carrion 
; RIMA squad clambering into trucks, falling onto women, guns at sides, hardened %
    \crpage{2}
    members spurring violet rags clasped between women's thighs 
; soldier, chest crushing baby sucking at breast, parting woman's hair pushed over eyes, stroking 
    forehead with fingers covered in powdered onyx 
; orgasm spurting saliva from mouth, dowsing baby's buttered scalp 
; retracted member resting softening on shawls soaking up dye 
; wind shaking trucks, sand whipping against axles, sheet-metal
{\semislash} soldiers clambering into trucks 
: RIMA squad, leaning against tarpaulin pressed down on
necks by driving rain, buttoning up ; eyes shining in darkening shadows, fingers glimmering on
belt-buckles ; goats, sweat of pursuit around bonfires soaking coats, crouching down, licking rags
tied around thighs of women ; silent youth wrapped in sackcloth, propped back against driver's seat,
pissing into blue enamel mug held in mutilated hand : driver, leaning back, stroking youth's
forehead marked with blue cross ; youth kissing palm, wrist rippled with veins, swelling with
alcoholic blood ; half-track caterpillars grinding stones thrown onto track by wind ; soldiers
dozing ; dye-stained members curled against thighs, dripping drops of jissom ; driver of truck
crowded with males, animals, bundles, spitting black saliva, wasp-sting swelling cheek, swollen
half-closing eye, pockets crammed with black grapes : tanned head of old man, reddening under white
hairs, shaking against sheet-metal, under gear-stick : with hobnail boots, driver, black saliva
drying on chin, crushing, pulling immaculate locks from occiput, against metal beaten, from below,
by cracked stones kicked back {\semislash} at camp, soldier \colsaid{dogs! wash out my trucks}
{\semislash} females hanging out babies' rags on bushes {\semislash} males setting up tents beside
rubbish ditch : sludge of rotting meat, vomit, glimmering, rosy, under lifeless reeds bending ;
soldiers pushing back, with butts of rifles, women laying babies down in tents ; kicking, punching
haunches of males bent over unrolled tarpaulins ; RIMA squad pushing into den hollowed out under
platform of camp in onyx vein ; faces heated, arms, legs swinging, bottles thrown against walls :
glass splinters falling back into darkened circle pricking, sticking to hardened members shaken out
of dungarees ; beer, wine --- cut with bromide %
\crpage{3}
--- splashing over shoulders, bare breasts of waiter ; RIMA squad rolling, vomiting in corners ;
waiter, greasy shorts slipping down loins, barefoot, tattooed, on ankle, with woman's breast,
trampling on floor-cloth ; edging around counter, pushing cloth alongside lips of vomiting soldiers
{\semislash} two males tying up animals behind tents ; children, arses caked with crusts of dung,
sitting on grass eroded by salt, panting, foreheads covered with dust, heads leaning lifeless on
shoulders, eyes, violet-hued, watching erection of tents ; soldier with curly brown hair, mouth
crammed with black meat swelling pock-marked cheeks, squatting down, soiled member bouncing inside
pants, beside small girl, stroking neck, hand moving down under rags covering throat, groping around
breasts, under armpits : girl's eyes closing, head touching soldier's wrist smeared with grape-juice
; grey drool of hunger running from girl's mouth onto cheek, wetting soldier's fist {\semislash}
gust of wind lifting up, over mounds of excrement, pages of comics torn out by hands of soldiers
crouched over ditches, forcing out tense, burning shit after forays of rape : papers sticking to
fronds of date-palms, stench of defecated grape-juice washing over lieutenant's zerriba :
lieutenant, crouching, naked, in tub of lukewarm water streaked with rays filtered through lattice,
whistling, medallion balanced on tip of tongue, neck-chain held on mounds of swollen cheeks,
purplish glans touching grape-tinted foam, farts bubbling at sides of bronze tub, forcing rhythm of
whistling {\semislash} soldiers --- on mainland : dance-hall bouncers {\dashcom} in fading light,
prowling around tents, untying thongs, crawling on sand, tent-flaps rubbing over backs riddled with
scabies ; males, females, nerves phosphorescent, huddling together around candles, youths, ears
buried, chewing raw semolina straight from sacks ; children pulling aside, with pinched lips,
clenched teeth, rags covering, containing breasts of women, licking half-chewed flour from lips of
youths ; soldiers, tugging at girls' naked legs ; father grabbing candle ; curly-haired soldier,
rolling black meat in vermilion mouth, unsheathing dagger : soldier's hand, quick, covering vulva
buried under scarlet rags, grabbing, pinching ; soldier pulling thigh, drawing sleeping girl %
\crpage{4}
closer : girl sliding over sand towards tent-flaps ; two soldiers, one scalped on temple by eagle's
beak after rape over crowded nest, other sweating gall, dungarees rolled up over shins flecked with
salt, holding down, tying up father throwing lighted candle at soldiers' hair ; curly-haired soldier
gathering girl in arms : girl sleeping, purring, hand spread open over forehead, rocked in rhythmic
trot ; veiled moon casting greenish glow over bared thighs ; ichneumons, sbots, sphex hovering over
soldier's member : soldier stepping over kitchen cesspool ; soldier sprinting over soiled straw,
alongside kennel ; panting, gurgling --- prelude to rape {\dashcom} sweat oozing on bare chest,
waking girl : girl gazing, into soldier's mouth panting open, at threads of meat caught in canines,
lumps held back in cheeks ; soldier standing girl up, squashed against wire fence of kennel,
squeezing, kissing mouth, cavities of ears susurrating with bloody cerumen ; soldier's hand
unbuttoning dungarees, pulling out member ; girl sucking up meat held back in soldier's cheeks,
chewing, eyes closed, hands spread out on fence ; soldier, aroused by movement of muscles from cheek
to belly, bare-headed, straw-dust disturbed rising around legs, injecting girl with clear, hot
jissom ; dogs, woken by wire fence creaking, springing from kennels, chains gleaming, dragging in
excrement ; soldier nibbling at girl's gums, teeth pulling at threads of meat, girl's teeth covered,
defended by tongue ; dogs howling, chains ringing on tarmac, paws grinding into hardened excrement ;
soldier's knees gripping small waist : second orgasm dowsing girl's shoulders ; girl keeping hands
clasped against soldier's sweaty loins ; fence collapsing ; soldier folding, covering girl's body ;
nails scraping earth ; soldier's breath against girl's cheek sucking in, blowing out straw-dust ;
girl shifting belly under grinding muscles of abdomen ; blinding --- nails, spit --- soldier's eyes
; soldier's secreting balls lying, cooling, on girl's thigh ; below palm-trees, RIMA squad dragging
woman pulled unconscious from tent : blond soldier, forehead glowering, tears bathing eye-sockets
glazed with charcoal, urine blocking jissom in glans, squeezing woman held in arms ; \said{screw
good ; fuck hard ; watch out for brass}, %
\crpage{5}
hands, lips, stroking, licking woman's contorted face thrown back over blond soldier's arm ---
oil-smudged, wine-stained {\semislash} small girl, covered, coated with straw-dust --- except on
lips, vulva blocked strangulating soldier's member --- whining, sniffing back bloody mucus into
nasal cavities {\semitwoslash} woman's head hitting scarified trunk : initials, school-sums, hearts
pierced with arrows, of sterile palm-tree ; soldiers, unbuttoned, sugared fists squeezing swollen
members, jostling between woman's legs held apart by two fellows, tension of plexus discharged,
members drooping against thighs, hugged by camouflage-dungarees {\semislash} inside tent, soldiers
sitting on father's stomach, arms, chest, rubbing blackened hair with palm of hands, farting :
candle, stuck into mouth of male swooning, hissing between cracked lips {\semislash} watchtower
overlooking charred palm-grove ; Peuhl sentry, yellow iris sliding into bluish eyeball, sweat
soaking frizzy hair, turning spotlight : beam beating onto sweating flesh of soldiers arched over
woman ; sentry grinding member in fist, turning spotlight : beam crossing dried river bed, catching
vibration, bathed by zephyr, of dusty rhododendrons : pack of jackals tearing at donkey-carcass
filled with putrid liquid --- flanks swinging swollen ; sentry spinning projector on chassis, beam
burning into nipples palpitating pubescent, sprinkled with sugar under drill of dungarees encrusted
with dirt : sweat oozing through tangled tufts ; sentry's throat, beam melting blood, pus, in
razor-cuts ; member forcing starched crotch, pushing out of pants, spreading, arched, under tight
cloth ; sentry, fist spinning projector towards stratosphere, moaning, yawning, rubbing thighs, seam
of dungarees cutting into buttocks, against sheet-metal casing chassis ; soldiers drawing back from
woman wrapped around tree-trunk ; ants, mosquitos gathering seed, jissom forced back out around
exposed vulva, rag --- orange flowers, on violet --- sticking to groin ; soldiers walking, thighs
opened, heels lightened, saliva drying on chins ; tucking away members, buckling belts, wiping
gnarled hands at sides, fingers coated with antimony from woman's hair ; farting ; leaning back
against ladder of watchtower, feet nestling in urine-sodden sand, lighting cigarettes %
\crpage{6}
taken from pockets sticky with jissom, shifting haunches : glans, detached from cotton inside pants,
discharging last drops of jissom ; farts rippling from sweating arses ; sentry squatting, arse hairs
caked with faeces pulling apart, buttocks spreading, pressing nostrils over holes in floor ; scent
of jissom wafting up from soldiers' open shirts, mixed with whiffs of toasted tobacco rising from
lips, from fingers smeared with seed ; at changing of guard, sentry running from tower, hardened
glans pinched in elastic of pants, towards palm-grove behind barbed wire, dragging woman, pulling
feet, beyond tree, into salt-marsh slick, lying over body --- breathing stopped --- spreading
bruised lips of vulva, pushing in member retracting on contact with cooling flesh, kissing woman's
shriveled lips, eyes, soldiers' saliva, spat over iris, drying ; woman's vulva closing around
member, squeezing, crushing ; Peuhl, cold sweat oozing from pores, coating hairs, standing up,
pulling fingers out of woman's wilted locks --- sweat drying in tufts, lice, fleas jumping out ;
flies, ichneumons diving in, heavy with black powder from charred fringes of male palms, digging
down to greenish skin of scalp {\dashcom} carrying fingers to member, squeezing base, pulling at
hairs caught in vulva ; secreting balls clasped in free hand, white sweat seeping : mosquitos, ants
stuck in foam, between sentry's fingers ; breathing, sentry choked by salty stench ; standing up,
lifting woman's hips against belly, stepping forward, legs spread, staggering, weight of woman
pulling down on member, stretching skin over vertebrae of sentry's neck, over atlas, axis, sternum ;
on platform of dry sand, at edge of palm grove, sentry stopping : flies, mosquitos crawling under
cap, in knot of hair on occiput ; woman's legs stiffening, beating against sentry's shins ; sentry
kneeling, sprawling, woman's legs unfolded, varicose veins shrivelling against sand, panting over
cold belly, groin muscles, tissues of member straining ; fist striking around vulva, fingers pulling
on lips, digging, under folds, into stiffened muscles ; Peuhl unsheathing dagger at hips, tracing
with point of blade --- bent : youths gutted against onyx wall --- semicircle around vulva, plunging
blade into mute flesh, tearing, %
\crpage{7}
stripping, slicing muscles, nerves running from vulva into flaccid sheath covering strangulated
member ; member hardened on contact with disturbed muscles, springing out, capped with bloody flesh
; Peuhl gathering, stroking, wiping member on flap of sweaty shirt ; standing up, leaning back
against trunk, picking up rifle from salty platform --- sand, crackling, flying up into face
{\dashcom} coming back to woman, rifle-butt striking face, breasts, --- member recoiling red,
bruised, deformed, against sentry's thigh ; crouching, head turned back, seizing woman under
reddened armpits : sweaty hand slipping on cold flesh ; legs spattered with blood from mangled vulva
dragging on debris of bones ; Peuhl kicking dislocated corpse into hole dug under barbed wire by
jackals, onto bed of carrion, excrement ejected in scramble for spoils ; sphex, sbots, blown up in
draught, assailing --- antennae, stings buzzing --- penis, eyes, nose, lips ; Peuhl burying head in
shirt, stung by wasp beneath right nipple, dung-fly drinking seed caught in hollow of exposed navel
: brisk movement of torso squashing fly in sweat between two folds of flesh ; buzzing, discharging
into sweat, climbing up along fold of flesh toward hip ; Peuhl running, member smarting, hands open
outstretched ; at first-aid post, two bare-chested soldiers groaning, retching, cheek to cheek ;
sprawled under sink, shins bathed pink slapping in vomit, forelocks trailing in gluey mash reeking
of wine ; cadet, squatting, needle jabbing soldiers' bared buttocks : two orderlies holding soldiers
down on tiles ; Peuhl sitting on bench, head thrown back onto shoulder, shaking, skin mottled, teeth
chattering ; penis, blood drying, protruding from fly ; nipple swelling ; cadet, member sprouting,
pushing at fly stained with iodine, standing up, eyes dazzled, level with rounded swelling of
cheeks, fixed on fold, stretched by erection, forming beneath belt-buckle ; two orderlies lifting
up, carrying soldiers to stretchers arranged outside, beside wall of hut, on trestles ; Peuhl stung
on breast, whining, bloody saliva drooling from dried lips, two threads dripping onto chin ; cadet
tearing off Peuhl's shirt, shirt thrown down at feet ; handkerchief in hand, thumb stroking, forcing
Peuhl's lips, teeth : %
\crpage{8}
cadet's member stirring in pants {\thd} \said{{\thd}farting herdsman, dozing, loins stiffened
from thrusting, pumping{\td} slender, running through drinn{\td} pimply mouth{\td}, hot bath,
insecticide, tooth-comb never drawing out perfume of wool, of milk{\td} paste, potash, gonacrine on
your lips, taste of venom sucked{\td} no encrusted dung of buggery on glans hardened by quivering
tension of loins, bitter sweat of beasts squatting in salt{\thd}}{\td} : Peuhl kissing cadet's
fingernails through muslin, nostrils detecting crease, whiff of dried jissom ; cadet dropping
handkerchief, stroking Peuhl's bare shoulder, gathering, rolling member in palm of hand, groping
inside pants, pulling, pressing testicles against folds of cloth ; Peuhl, flanks strained
stiffening, spreading thighs ; standing up, pressing thighs against sink, surrendering, into fingers
of cadet, hardened member : squeezed against porcelain, plunged purplish into bowl of oxygenated
water ; Peuhl stepping outside hut : nest of larks hissing, hooked under palm-awning ; stroking
nest, larks springing up, shitting over wrist ; squatting down, stretching out on straw kept for
tortured prisoners, dozing, buttocks pulled apart by stiffened seam of dungarees ; lips, wet with
spittle expelled by pulsating cheeks --- knees, hams, forehead trembling {\dashcom} touching
blood-spots on pillow{\thd} \said{{\thd}drinking rebel's blood, drinking against tortured lips,
tortured shins, holding blood in mouth, running through fields of blackcurrants blazing, flooded
with venom, wrist chafed by sickle-charm tied to chain, running to meadow with fishes leaping,
outside slave-camp ; over hill, spitting blood into onyx basin ; other slaves, scalps caked with
dung, forehead to forehead, spitting other blood : golden, blue, black ; wind spraying blood over
exposed loins, clouds of excrement shadowing top of hill : under overhanging rock, soldiers blowing
onto bonfire of branches built around mouth of dead woman, blowing in measured breaths, squatting,
tall twisted locks sweeping over woman's breasts ; chest rubbing on fleece over vulva, skylark
caught in tangled hairs ; lark singing, chest pressing against body of woman, tears springing from
eyes ; hot blood trickling from ears ; excremental rain splashing over rock ; blood, in %
\crpage{9}
basin, burning, boiling ; young rebel, bare feet daubed with onyx powder, lips with flour, rising
from earth, leaning over basin, immersed head, fists ; raising head dripping with blood, hurling
raucous cry towards hills, bushes moving : lions springing out ; lions lying at rebel's feet,
licking behind knees ; young rebel, scooping blood mixed with excrement in cupped hands, showering
lions' manes ; around camp, women slumping against fences, soldiers' members straining towards
mothers, brought from mainland, for Slave-Feast ; carrying Mother into bamboo hut, laying down on
bed of poisoned straw : head, shoulders buried beneath Mother's dress, eating fruits, antelope
fritters over hardened vulva : Mother sleeping, tired by journey in cargo hold, tipper-trucks ;
escaping at dawn, slipping from under my body ; caught by soldiers under tower --- me watching,
ejaculating --- pushed back onto sand by goading knees, wasp hovering at right breast, over lips of
soldiers sucking at teat{\thd}}{\td} {\semislash} pressed against kennel fencing, soldier rolling,
covering girl ; cadet squatting down, lifting up soldier, gripping loins : member slipping out,
soldier standing up, running off ; cadet blowing off straw gathered on small contracted body,
lifting girl up in arms ; body dilating under breath, vapours, juices of cadet --- hugging girl,
chewing ration-biscuit, girl kissing cadet's lips, tongue collecting crumbs stuck along gums ; cadet
laying girl on bed in sick-bay, bathing mangled vulva ; feverish, cheek bloated with vomit, stepping
back outside, switching on lights over latrines --- soldiers working on group of women {\dashcom}
lifting up fainting soldiers, stroking forehead of women sprawled on ground, separating native
mercenaries coupling, pulling apart couples stuck firm by compression of plexus ; returning, washing
under running water : hands, arms, neck, smeared with jissom, with seed ; cadet, vomit expelled,
carrying out girl swaddled in surgical smock, opening tents, in turn, tipping girl's face back into
candlelight ; opening tent with two soldiers holding male, filled with sand heated through by
movement of limbs clutching, sweating, radiance of muscular contractions ; cadet shoving soldiers
aside --- standing, penis retracting beneath cotton %
\crpage{10}
{\dashcom} placing girl at feet of female, lighting candle taken from mouth of male, pushing
unbuttoned soldiers towards opening of tent --- at corners of lips of female, drop of jissom
shimmering {\semitrislash} in bunk-rooms, bamboo waving in dawn wind, insomniac soldiers, naked,
sitting cross-legged on bedding, picking at stained members ; suspect youth, caught reading
shit-smeared cowboy comic in front of tent, thrown bare-chested into command-post : cheek, chest,
belly marked by hand-prints, in blood ; sergeant capping suspect's bloodstained head with empty
coffee-pan ; sugar sticking to hair, mixing with blood, filling ears ; soldier on fatigue-duty,
frayed dungarees stretched over arched buttocks, bringing back bludgeon, smeared with excrement,
from toilet ; hitting shoulder of suspect : three blows, jaw : seven, with end of stick coated with
creosote, pressing stick into suspect's fist ; driver taking spanner, crank, from truck ; spanner
forcing open suspect's clenched jaw, driver unbuttoning dungarees, pissing between torn lips,
pulling up suspect with three spanner strokes at throat, pushing crank through tear in dungarees,
between buttocks ; other soldiers aroused, rising from mattresses, grasping, turning crank in
suspect's arse ; suspect, head falling back, wet with spittle, onto shoulder, crown touching
tormentor's swollen crotch, lips spitting back excremental saliva, clenching teeth onto spanner ;
tip of crank forced into loins ; pulled out, bloody, by driver, thrown outside command-post, wiped
clean on sandbags around perimeter ; suspect youth swooning, collapsing on mattress, unbuttoned by
soldiers --- spitting, farting ; with barrel of rifle, soldiers lifting up, pressing penis back onto
belly : sergeant's studded boot squashing flesh ; red-haired soldier, hollow eyes, glans sprouting
--- caught violet between two gaping buttons {\dashcom} leaning over, grabbing, tying testicles of
suspect in soiled rag pulled from under bedding ; fingers stroking small neck formed at root of
compressed member, junction of knotted membranes {\semitwoslash} suspect revived in empty guard-room,
cadet kneeling, untying rag ; sentry, mouth rosy in dawn fire, walking on terrace, legs bowed, fist
buried inside pants ; leaning back against palm-trunk propped up by %
\crpage{11}
brownstone balustrade around terrace ; stiffening legs, pulling out member ; rifle, loaders,
clicking at loins, masturbating, helmet pushed back over neck, jugular vein outlined in creases of
throat, tongue protruding from mouth ; two children squatting, defecating against barbed wire ;
soldier levelling projector-beam towards point on horizon --- dawn fire looming ; woman from tents,
breasts swinging in patched silk, flowery silk sticking at pubis, haunches slumped against barbed
wire, fingers scraping shit between children's buttocks, wiping fingers in sand ; red fist on white
arm, slipping between wire-mesh, touching sliver of ration-bread poking from sand, intact ;
soldier's rifle slipping from shoulder, barrel knocking against projector chassis ; one breast
springing out of silk ; member forcing soldier's fingers ; thumb of other hand, loosened by
accelerating movement of masturbation shaking, contracting shoulder, milking-arm, jerking, touching
trigger ; woman, throat riddled with bullets, collapsing, head, hair fading dead, rolling onto
shit-smeared wires ; jissom spurting, splashing boots, sheet-metal ; between breasts, fresh blood
bubbling in globular clot ; soldier linking index-finger to trigger-thumb, squeezing member at root,
pressing jissom up towards violaceous glans, catching drops in fingers : tepid, carried to lips ;
children, faces, bellies, swollen behind tears, heads muffled in heated rags, pressed against pubic
curls, sleeping, sobbing, thin bodies shaking, waking, crying --- entrails cooling, {\twoslash}
Wazzag, wiping mouth smeared with egg, mint, jissom, pulling damp leg from under whore-master's
belly : master asleep at right side of whore ; sheet clinging to loins, Wazzag rising from bed ;
naked, going down stairs ; ear-rings tinkling : lowering forehead --- powdered jissom held in
wrinkles --- under lintel closing off counter ; red-haired boy lying on belly in box-room among
floor-cloths, buckets, brushes, pressing forehead, knees, against concrete, replenishing jissom ;
goose stretched out beside boy, beak burrowing under armpit ; Wazzag lifting up goose holding neck,
hand rubbing boy's nipple ; pulling bird out of box-room{\td} \said{just grabbing gobbler,
Khamssieh, time for lame-duck to get good goosing{\td}} ; %
\crpage{12}
goose squawking, Khamssieh rolling over onto back ; mottled member bouncing out between thighs,
springing up erect ; tongue lolling over lips ; clot of jissom trembling in nostril, blown onto
fingers, Khamssieh rolling onto side, burying clot between buttocks ; jumble of rags piled against
back wall, boy's fingers groping towards drain linking box-room of boys' brothel with tile floor of
women's : blood mixed with jissom wetting fingers ; Wazzag throwing goose into first latrine along
passage leading to garden ; boy huddled in corner, heavy torso squeezed into white singlet torn at
nipples, rest of body naked, right foot in bracelet : foot slipping on edge of toilet-hole, leg held
back, hands crossed under knee ; penis, uncircumcised, dragging on soiled concrete ; Wazzag holding
back goose by wings ; boy cowering in corner ; movement of long eyelashes startling goose, beak
opening ; Wazzag loosening grip, goose springing at boy's throbbing neck ; boy, pulling up body
along piping, grabbing goose's neck : penis hardening, brushed by spur-claw, by plumage ; boy
burying goose's neck between thighs ; Wazzag stepping out into garden, leverets jumping in cages,
Wazzag offering penis, leverets nibbling ; leaning back against tamarisk --- trunk tied with
club-foot's cast-off clothes {\dashcom} tying foliage torn from tree around arms, hands, heel, spearing
greenest sprig with violet tip of glans, hardened by leverets' tiny teeth ; Wazzag jumping onto
terrace of women's brothel --- secreting balls, encrusted with dirt, slapping under buttocks ; in
alley, worker-youths, date-pickers, mechanics, lubricators, quarrelling over Khamssieh leaning
against door-post, workers' hands reaching for dark tangle planted in wide milky body ; Wazzag
squatting beside trap-door : platoon of soldiers back from South unbuttoned by girl-whores ; one
soldier approaching : before seeing head, just catching curve of member projecting from dungarees,
Wazzag : {\td}\said{Rico, my flower{\td}} : soldier stepping onto terrace, away from
girl-whores, scratching dirt between toes with moistened thumb, Wazzag kneeling, fresh scent of
insect-seed rising from leafy limbs, flicking dust from mop of hair dirtied in fatigue-parties,
bivouacs, soldier hugging Wazzag between two rows of %
\crpage{13}
sheets hung out under reddening fire ; below. in women's brothel, noisy soldier with shaved head,
bluish at temples, diving at black girl-whore --- thrown back against pink wooden stairs, crossing
heels around soldier's ankles, over boots {\dashcol} English box of love-powder, swapped in South
for handful of sugar, slipping from soldier's pocket, whore grabbing, opening box, sniffing powder ;
black whore, loins battered, blowing white powder between soldier's honeyed teeth ; soldier spitting
back powder onto whore's lips ; soldiers pressing fists between women's breasts, pulling back,
licking sweat soaked up under thin cloth ; whores unbuttoning, one by one, soldiers thrown back over
thighs ; soldiers' members rising at contact of fingers, palms, retracting under bracelets, rings ;
pubic sweat clouding coral, silver {\semislash} shoulders hunched, Khamssieh tucking penis between
thighs ; workers, pressed against moist body of boy-whore, caressing, slipping fingers under arched
fundament, searching for trapped penis ; Khamssieh, arms raised, crossed behind neck, laughter
exploding ; grease-smeared hand groping under buttocks ; laughter shaking boy's shoulder touching
cheek tipped sideways{\td} \said{{\td}first round for you, darling, come dip into soup you shot up my
nose this morning ; kept my meat fresh for you{\td}} ; lubricator, holding rump of whore with
one hand, other unbuttoning overalls, member springing out, catching polished membrane of
Khamssieh's secreting balls, pushed back towards arse by pressure of thighs over penis ; member
quivering, hardening, pubic hairs opening out ; Khamssieh kissing mouth of black child hanging onto
shoulders of date-picker, lips smacking ; kissing cheeks, scarified throat, chest heaving under
half-open jacket ; child's hand holding pomegranate ; trace of oil gleaming mauve suspended in
woolly hair ; Khamssieh sliding hand under date-picker's armpit, groping at child's thigh, hand
enveloping member, secreting balls, through tight denim ; saliva filling child's mouth ; Khamssieh
kissing child, child pushing saliva between teeth of whore : lubricator, flaps of unbuttoned denim
jacket covering, brushing over Khamssieh's hips in movement of erection, buggering Khamssieh, sweaty
chest sticking to boy's back {\slashsemi} flight of sand-%
\crpage{14}
larks swooping into alley, dancing over flock of sheep marked on forehead, ochre, red ; shepherds,
poxy, resting --- animals shitting {\dashcom} slow watery gaze fixed on bars of women's brothel :
free whores smiling at shepherds, foam shining on swollen lips, uncovering breasts ; shepherds'
fists slipping between bars ; members stirring between thighs, rags pulling apart ; bottom of
stairs, black whore, lips smeared with love-powder moistened on lips of soldier, dragging ---
holding feet --- soldier unbuttoned, penis erect, to threshold of saloon ; jissom, spread over
testicles squashed under soldier's buttocks, glistening in cracks of tiling, whore pulling soldier
over floor ; two soldiers, standing, naked, on one side, other side, of belly of girl-whore
stretched out at feet, throwing mixed threads of jissom onto pubic fleece, each soldier grabbing
other's throat with sticky fingers, spitting in other's eyes ; members heating, opening out ;
soldiers' thighs pushing forward, bristling hairs mingling, two members standing together, held in
bundle ; chins covered with foam, each gnawing at other's teeth, pulling closer, hands of one joined
pressing, lifting buttocks of other ; lips stuck together, nostrils sniffing up foam spreading back
over jaws ; each stroking other under penis{\td} \said{{\td}fucking dick{\thd}}, grabbing
testicles ; pubic fleece tangling together ; girl-whore standing up, pulling soldiers apart,
soldiers squeezing whore, moving across, hurried, in small steps, to wall ; orgasm : jissom pushed
from vulva, from arse, gluing bristly hairs onto soldiers' thighs ; girl-whore, shaved head marked
with scabies, whispering, pressed against bars ; shepherds stroking bare breasts squashed against
dusty grid, pulling nipples between bars ; lifting rags, uncovering, shaking pock-marked members,
clacking infected tongues ; whore moving lips, two fingers making gesture of masturbation ; mouth :
lips, teeth, jaw, movement of sucking ; shepherds pulling small eggs from under rags, whore closing
wooden shutter behind grid ; head-shepherd, blowing into flute --- rising urges throbbing in throat,
breath shaking in pipe {\dashcom} leading flock towards outer ring-road ; rear shepherds unhooking
fingers from grid, picking up sticks, striking, tucking members into rags, %
\crpage{15}
shaking secreting balls assailed by flies ; top of street, old men, children, sleeping on steps of
slaughterhouse strewn with skins, with bloody fleece ; black girl-whore pulling soldier with bluish
temples up to foot of cradle ; soldier, hardened member swinging in half-light, licking pink wooden
wheel of cradle ; whore squatting down, stretching out over moaning soldier, beating member
alongside half-open vagina ; jissom overflowing ; whore squashing soldier's softening penis into
sticky mass of balls, membranes, curly hairs, kneading, pressing down, pulling back, pushing penis
up towards belly : soldier nodding asleep under heavy throbbing of veins shining on prismatic scalp
; flock crossing through souk set up beside ring-road ; slim, laughing, naked under light robes,
high blue hair sprouting from veils braided behind necks, nomads unrolling pieces of yellow oilskin
cut from insulation of underground pipes beneath nuclear station --- sold as tent-sheets, to negroes
; sheep trampling over oilskins ; nomad youth, standing up --- ear-rings shaken, tinkling,
glimmering {\dashcom} leaping in front of head-shepherd, member spurring, wetting blue robe ; two
boys kissing on mouth ; breath of nomad washing over shepherd's ear : {\td} \said{{\td}akli{\td} my
lamb{\td} come suck{\td}} ; shepherd, kneeling, kissing nomad's navel, sliding flute under string
tied around knee ; rear shepherds moving to front of flock ; nomad pushing milk-brother through
covered market, into back-room of barber-dentist ; sitting down in shaky revolving chair, spreading
long legs under stretched robe ; shepherd kneeling in floor strewn with teeth, locks of hair,
rolling up nomad's robe ; peasant youth, mouth spurting blood, crying out : bloody turban wrapping
youth's red hair, one tuft, beaded with sweat, sticking out of cloth over skull, bushy, flaxen,
caked with scabs --- from pubis, armpit ; thighs of youth, hugged in jeans, twitching ; white seam
of fly bulging at crotch ; pubic sweat seeping through denim, dampening leatherette cushion on chair
; peasant youth's dilated nostrils drawing in, blowing out blood mixed with enamel dust ; shepherd
squeezing nomad's thin thighs : scent of camel-dung rising from penis lifted up in shepherd's
chapped hand ; shepherd placing %
\crpage{16}
lips on dry pubic fleece : line of sweat glistening along fold of thigh, shepherd grabbing encrusted
balls in one hand, other masturbating short member --- tiny veins, stretched by erection, simmering
against cheek ; nomad tensing legs ; jissom spurting, shepherd rolling back tongue into throat ;
jissom, heavy, fresh, filling mouth ; clots chewed between teeth --- decayed by excess of oil, of
carrion ; nomad tensing legs, sand held in hairs running down hardened calves ; second orgasm
hollowing belly, narrow bust, relaxing muscles of legs ; shepherd's fingers pressing cheeks filled
with thinner, warmer jissom ; nomad, fingers spread, pushing away head of shepherd diving back
between thighs ; standing up, pushing aside shepherd still kneeling --- head bent down, eyes fixed
on ground, lips closed over jissom caught between teeth ; nomad, with tip of naked foot, pulling at
rags held between shepherd's buttocks ; shepherd standing, pulling up soiled rags --- detached from
caked excrement --- over hips, spreading legs, buttocks held open with both hands ; arching top of
body, jamming head against burst bundle of rotting linen ; nomad's hands crossed under shepherd's
belly, shepherd's palms, fingers, rubbing nomad's thighs, nomad pressing member into shepherd's
arse, shit-caked --- rags torn back revealing fresher layer of excrement --- hairy ; top of
shepherd's body bending, weighed down --- shepherd inverted, dizzy, relaxing pressure of hands,
buttocks gripping tighter onto nomad's member {\dashsemi} nomad holding back body articulated around
base of member, crossed fingers squeezing shepherd's belly ; orgasm spent, bending torso over
shepherd's back, saliva running from lips into shepherd's ear \colsaid{{\td}my lamb, one thousand
dinars your price, naked {\thd} my father dead in Tamesna{\tdcom} {\td}purple body buried in sack
of salt{\td}} {\semislash} flock stopping at edge of cliff ; mist rising from swelling wadi,
covering negro village ; sheep butting naked babies propped against trellis-fences, wallowing in
fech-fech ; children, tickled by rubbing of wool, lying under bellies of sheep ; elbows pressing
down, puffing out stomachs, rubbing against animals' nipples ; shepherds squatting at bottom of
ravine opening into roaring wadi, masturbating, changing %
\crpage{17}
position on pebbles --- contraction of nerves, muscles, bringing kneecaps near breaking ; female
sheep lifting penis of child leaning back against rusty metal urinal --- dragged from town centre
during night of riots, by youths with knobbled skulls {\dashcom} licking fresh excrement splattered
over child's buttocks ; returning to lamb, licking under tail ; turning back, burying muzzle between
legs of child, child spreading thighs, caressing cold eyes of ewe ; in communal gardens, women
scything barley, wheat ; wrists, arms marked with scabs, violet scars : viper-bites, sickle-cuts,
djerid-wounds ; child, wearing blue-spangled dress, hanging onto mother's robes ; mother lifting
head, forehead catching clear beam of reddening fire filtered through palm-trees ; dazzled, bending
back down, throwing scythe aside, into uncut clump ; hook catching child hidden in clump ; through
torn cloth, line of blood forming across swollen belly from right hip to left groin ; girl falling
onto bed of wheat, forehead, lips fading white, scythe stuck into flesh ; in village, children
tormenting live toads --- shitting in hands --- caught in pink sand-marsh ; impaling toads, swollen,
on trellis-fences : impaled through ribs, falling, flesh giving way, down along spikes of trellis in
gardens --- children, drowsy, laid down, enclosed, in gardens until nightfall with lambs, kids :
woken on contact with cool of sand, falling back, rocked asleep by bells of lambs, kids lapping
tepid brackish water of irrigation ditches, hidden beneath barley ; shepherds, shivering, standing
up ; rags trailing in jissom, sticking to thighs ; globules glimmering on black shingle ; shepherds
mounting favoured sheep ; wiping, on fleece, articulation of thighs, edge of arse, covered in sweat
from movement of masturbation ; touching embalmed wool, members, softened, hardening, burrowing,
gleaming violet, into dirty fleece ; women, gathered around wounded girl, heads turning back ;
shepherds, testicles squashed under buttocks against protruding bones of sheep, bare feet stuck into
warm sand, tongues lolling over chins, panting, yelping ; rutting dogs rolling in wheat, snapping at
dresses of women ; rolling in sand, snapping at members of shepherds ; russet dog licking girl's
wound, running towards shepherds, rubbing %
\crpage{18}
against leg of shepherd with biggest member, pushing burning tongue between thighs ; tongue wrapping
member ; dog's breath bathing shepherd's belly, foam running down thigh ; shepherd, stiffening legs
against flanks of sheep --- dog surprised by muscles cracking, jumping aside : shepherd's lips
puckered, moist with foam, arse-hairs rippled by light fart, animal returning, tongue catching
member {\dashcom} heaving, fingers hooked around ears of sheep ; jissom spurting : held by dog on
tongue curled back, carried into clump of wheat, laid at women's feet {\semislash} in saloon, baby,
lifted out of cradle, crawling along trace of jissom trailing between legs of soldier with bluish
temples, trapped under thigh of black girl-whore : flap of blue woollen rompers dragging in clear
jissom ; young whore sitting cross-legged on tiles, taking baby into lap : combing, with small blue
nylon brush, pubic fleece of blond soldier marked on groin with beauty-spot ; soldier's back
rippling spotted with green paint, transferred onto skin --- soldier masturbated first by
whore-mistress, body stiffened against green wall of orgy-room moistened with sweat, pressing back
at shoulders, buttocks, calves, neck bending, head congested purple ; soldier standing, hand on
shoulder of whore, dungarees around ankles, nipples smeared with honey under gaping shirt, eyes held
veiled in measured beating of masturbation, fixed on bundle of machine-guns propped up in corner
beside drain --- through hole, muted murmur from boys' brothel {\dashcom} sighing : brush pulling,
disentangling knots of curly hair ; fist of whore gripping reddened member sticking to fingers,
scattering quick kisses over soldier's belly : knots of hair torn out --- follicles rotting in
polluted cuticle{\comdash} caught by whore in powder-box at feet ; lifting baby towards soldier,
baby's lips touching violaceous tip of penis, soldier's forehead glowering purple ; below stairs ---
framework pegged to box-room wall, packed with stocks of jam, eggs {\dashcom} two soldiers ---
girl-whore squeezed against wall, abandoned --- squatting down, lifting cellophane, sucking up jam
from one jar ; tongues touching in jelly{\td} \colsaid{{\td} Khamssieh, tongue never fit in
jar{\thd}} ; boy's raucous laugh resounding along partition, broken by smack of %
\crpage{19} % TODO hamac -> hammock?
wet dishcloth on bare flesh{\td} \said{{\td} silence, arsehole, making me droop!} ; blond soldier
drawing head of girl-whore towards crotch, picking up brush, combing thin hair on temples, eyebrows
sticky with fresh jissom ; right arm of whore{\comdash} left holding member {\dashcom} hugging
soldier's loins ; fingers plunging between buttocks ; soldier's member hardening, forcing whore's
fist, loosening grip ; hand of whore kneading soldier's buttock, fingers palpating membrane of arse,
nails scraping layer of excrement {\thd} \said{embers fading under half-cooked joint, black blood
spurting deep in throat{\thd} cutting tail of gutted jackal, pressing tail between my buttocks,
squatting on rock, ears pricking up in salty wind, rain lashing lips closing over squirting blood
{\td} Rico cutting into animal's muzzle, hollowing, emptying with dagger, burying head inside,
kneeling in mud{\thd} walking towards rock, outcrops of flint catching my member, Rico pushing,
between my spreading buttocks, jackal's bloody muzzle{\td} pulling mask up against my loins, working
lips against my arse{\td} black colic churning in my belly{\td} ejected, filling mouth{\td} Rico
standing up, spitting out excremental stew{\td} crouching back down, browsing on sodden moss,
chewing, staring, me squatting, legs stiffened, rain lashing tensed muscles, pumping member softened
by rain --- at tangled brown hair of my dripping groin{\td} Rico standing, leaping at my streaming
body, knees knocking, Rico's hand smearing jissom spurted onto my thigh{\td} kissing imprint from
webbing of hamac on back of my neck, teeth pulling downy hair of nape, greasy curls over my
ears{\td} knee raised between my thighs{\td} US shorts, thrown down onto moss, holding, under
downpour, folds fixed by constant tension at my crotch{\td} sliding along Rico's half-naked
body{\td} my lips, pressed against moist cloth, following rising jissom in member hugged by
shorts{\td} jissom spurting, my tongue lapping, pushing inside shorts, gathering drops streaked with
thin blood{\td} monkeys whistling in cedars : I walk with Rico, naked, in front of rebels, members
erect, cheeks tipped against shoulders, eyes narrowed, oh rebels, your bellies are light, your
cheeks, daubed with paint{\thd}} {\slash} Peasant sitting on bank of wadi, five teeth intact
chewing %
\crpage{20}
mouse-carrion ; kneeling in mud, sucking up grey water swelling blood-spattered mouth, spitting red
water back into stream, pulling penis from jeans, soaking, rubbing member under water, pressing torn
fingers into folds of flesh{\thd} {\slash} Khamssieh, lubricator's jissom streaming down legs,
leaning back against box-room door, letting workers spit into red hair, pull at member, grasp
testicles, discharge against sides of buttocks, slap cheeks, belly, buttocks, with soiled hands,
force dishcloths between thighs, gag mouth with soaking rags ; worker's member, dry --- jissom held
back surging inside {\dashcom} pushing deep between buttocks, Khamssieh relaxing arse, tilting torso
; hips of worker battering loins of boy-whore ; chapped hand, fingers polished on steel, grabbing,
pulling erect penis from between buttocks, squirting ; workers jostling, hands, jissom-spattered
members rubbing over curve of buttocks, throwing Khamssieh against black child carried on shoulders
of two date-pickers ; three erect members stretching arse, workers pressing in, nipples crushed
against sweaty skin of Khamssieh's back ; stained hands squeezing neck ; black child springing
forward ; jissom squirting from three members bundled together, shaking Khamssieh ; legs of workers
standing at sides quivering along legs of whore ; groans rising from lips, workers pulling out
sticky members ; members, pressed together, springing back hard ; black child struggling, puffing,
spittle oozing out along curve of panting mouth ; touching testicles of workers pressing warm mass
of porous membranes against buttocks, Khamssieh rolling head over shoulder into hot cupped hand of
worker ; worker's hand palpating Khamssieh's earlobe ; fingers delving into eye-socket at moment of
erection ; after orgasm : hand, moist, sliding along whore's cheek, rubbing at creases of throat,
falling back onto surface of buttocks ; phalanges of workers' hands --- pulling out members ---
rolling in slimy folds of Khamssieh's buttocks ; workers drawing back ; two date-pickers dropping
black child ; child diving at Khamssieh ; erect penis of whore pressing against sweaty torso ; arms
squeezing Khamssieh's loins, head pulsating, heating, buried in thighs of whore ; blue spittle
sticking %
\crpage{21}
down strands of Khamssieh's pubic hair ; child's tongue probing between curls, touching infected
cuticle ; lubricator, emerging, buttoned up, from latrine, enveloped in cloud of excremental stench,
rubbing against Khamssieh ; flick of tongue licking whore's lids, end of tongue holding lips
half-open ; whore's member springing back against black child's armpit, lifting shoulder of jacket ;
Khamssieh, chest thrown forward, palpating child's buttocks, sexual cluster squeezed inside jeans ;
child squatting on heels, spreading Khamssieh's legs, kneeling, diving between slimy legs, spinning
on knees ; laughing, short pink tongue licking soft hairs stuck down with jissom, Khamssieh's
testicles dragging on collar of jacket, child standing up, clinging to whore ; Khamssieh, hollowing
vertebrae, bucking coccyx, one hand, slipped under flesh of buttocks pulled up sweating, palpating
boy's belly, unbuttoning jeans, pulling out penis over elastic of pants ; child sucking at hollow of
collar-bone ; hips shuddering against loins of whore ; Khamssieh, with two fingers, pulling back
child's grimy foreskin, sliding two ringed fingers alone hardening shaft ; child's fingers catching
folds of flesh at Khamssieh's waist, legs stiffening against Khamssieh's --- relaxed by movement
separating buttocks ; jissom bubbling in member throbbing against smooth slit of Khamssieh's arse ;
child's body shuddering, Khamssieh's arse closing on glans ; jissom spurting ; taking turns,
exhausted, workers, jissom spent, picking up, from counter, pomegranate brought by black child in
payment for Khamssieh, carrying, licking, crouched in latrine, blood surging in skull, wetting fruit
with foam frothing from lips --- belly forcing ejection of excrement ; child's fresh breath over
shoulders --- in orgasm, child lifting neck --- making Khamssieh shiver, workers' jissom cooling
inside loins ; Khamssieh, quick, spinning around, squeezing sated boy, kneeling, grabbing, pressing
sticky penis, pulling out thread of jissom, carrying filament to lips, standing up, kissing boy's
mouth --- boy's eyelashes beating, moist with cold sweat ; Khamssieh putting softened penis back
into pants, buttoning jeans, taking pomegranate perched on edge of counter, sitting on %
\crpage{22} 
step-ladder, teeth opening pomegranate wet with saliva, burying slimy muzzle inside ; free hand
groping under testicles, untying knotted curls stuck down by stale jissom pulling at skin with
movement of thigh ; member, intact, shining, glimmering prismatic, straining engorged --- workers
laughing, puffing, panting in latrines, dirt on foot-slabs squelching beneath espadrilles under
suspended movement of masturbation, tuft of blue hair shining wet with jissom poking from
half-buttoned jeans of worker emerging, wet spot marking lump under denim filled inside with
softened member swollen by lingering urge {\dashsemi} lubricator, forehead wrapped in soiled turban,
prowling, hands in pockets, jeans tight between thighs ; blue gaze piercing Khamssieh's veiled eyes,
tongue protruding between lips ; belly exposed, inflated, shining with grease, perspiring, grimy
sweat running from navel ; black boy rubbing against Khamssieh's thigh, pulling, drawing leg away
from step-ladder, palpating stiffened limb ; testicles of whore, striking hairy surface of thighs
--- bouncing from one to other {\dashcom} squashed beneath buttocks, sweating onto soiled wood ;
pushed out, spreading over corner of step, in space between legs ; lubricator's hand groping ;
Khamssieh pushing black boy back, bringing balls onto step : seized by lubricator, weighed in hand,
Khamssieh standing up, squeezing loins of lubricator leaning lop-sided, covering --- fingers of left
hand spread --- raised buttock, held up by hardened crease of jeans, right hand palpating other
buttock, relaxed ; Khamssieh kissing lubricator's low wrinkled forehead, roots of dusty hair ;
lubricator shuddering, fist squeezing Khamssieh's balls ; whore, lashes brushing down over top of
rounded cheeks, detaching lubricator's fingers, moving off, loins rubbed from front to back ;
lubricator standing up ; relaxed buttock sliding up thigh of whore ; Khamssieh, lifting penis onto
belly, balls suspended on fold of jeans between buttocks, unbuttoning lubricator, pulling down back
of jeans, back of pants --- held at belly by curve of rigid member {\dashcom} drawing away from
worker : member, released, springing out horizontal, glans scraping over elastic of pants ;
laughing, Khamssieh, fingers hooked over lubricator's %
\crpage{23} 
shoulders, pressing, bending vertebrae, plunging member --- jissom seething --- into shit-caked arse
; pumping : sweaty toes tightening over lubricator's espadrilles ; glans, pressing into arse,
expelling burning jissom ; lubricator standing up, hands thrown behind back delving into Khamssieh's
softened belly ; quick, whore pulling hands aside, stiffening ; jissom oozing between lubricator's
buttocks. skin sticking to top of pants ; Khamssieh pushing half-circumcised penis forward,
discharging runny jissom ; lubricator letting head roll onto shoulder, ear bathed in Khamssieh's
seminal panting ; jissom forced back between lubricator's buttocks dripping into crumpled pants ;
Khamssieh's hand slipping into pouch, pressing sexual cluster into gob of jissom ; lubricator
moaning, tongue licking foam frothing over Khamssieh's thick lips ; flow of jissom, after fourth
orgasm, reaching Khamssieh's foot stuck into lubricator's espadrille {\semislash} club-foot, leg
assailed by excremental worms driven from toilet-hole by cold chilling excrements, coughing ; goose,
aroused by excremental stench, raising neck, squawking, struggling between club-foot's thighs ;
date-picker, crouching in adjacent latrine, hitching up giant body ; clapping hands over top of
partition, thrusting from pelvis, jeans buttoned, hurried, over soiled arse, hanging onto partition,
top of body swinging into darkened latrine : eyes, blinded, adjusting to darkness, discerning body
of club-foot squashed in corner : bracelet ringing right arm shaken, trembling, singlet swelling
over nipples, softened penis stretched dragging in scum of toilet-hole, goose-down fluttering over
damp thighs ; club-foot raising head, neck throbbing, eyes, pale, fixed on date-picker's face ;
saltpetre running through hair ; date-picker's arm reaching out, grabbing club-foot's shoulder,
pulling, lifting boy ; calf tense, pecked by goose, boy springing up, torso sticking, scraping
against partition ; date-picker lifting boy, standing up in second latrine, pulling --- boy hitched
up to midriff over top of panel, hand covering sexual cluster ; date-picker, with one quick
movement, swinging boy over ; rough concrete grazing club-foot's member, tuft from pubic fleece left
sticking to concrete ; wounded penis quivering against date-picker's thigh ; %
\crpage{24} 
boy's foot hovering, suspended over concrete, trampled by date-picker ; boy, thrown off balance,
falling into hugging arms, kissed on mouth ; feeling date-picker's member throbbing, hardening
against his belly : rushing, pulling out of embrace, diving into passage ; date-picker following,
into saloon : boy, standing in corner, singlet pulled down pinched between thighs, club-foot ringed
with bracelet lifted against toe of other foot, panting ; date-picker unbuttoning, pulling member
out of jeans, spinning sideways, hands spread pressing onto nape ; rigid member catching reddening
beams of declining fire, bouncing ; club-foot, relaxing grip of thighs on flap of singlet, diving
forward ; boy's arm, raised defending throat, absorbing shock of body swollen with blood, with
jissom : hand, quick, grabbing, squeezing, holding date-picker's member pressed back against lower
belly ; date-picker's body softening, sinking down ; club-foot kneeling, lifting member to lips,
pressing into mouth ; tongue delving, tip drawn out pointed, into folds, porous membranes, scars,
ritual cuts ; lips vibrating ; quick movement of date-picker dazzled by reddening fire forcing glans
into club-foot's throat ; boy, teeth nibbling tense flesh of penis, choking, coughing : spittle
expelled from consumptive throat of club-foot splashing member of date-picker {\semislash}
{\td}lying on terrace embalmed in foliage of tamarisk fallen from Wazzag's body, robes gleaming
ochre, blue, whore-mistress, legs spread, watching soldier --- spot of wine marking right
eye-socket, spreading onto pock-marked eye-lids --- chuckling, hanging mirror over mud fire-place,
perching glass of hot water on high-chair --- baby undressed, exposed to draughts, taking evening
gruel {\dashcom} shaving cheeks, neck ; soap trickling under shirt opened down to loosened belt ;
whore-mistress licking fingers, raising leg, touching soldier's thigh with tip of toes{\td}
\said{easy, sugarplum.} ; flight of sand-larks invading terrace : reflection trembling in mirror :
females, babies, snuggling into pockets of hanging aprons ; males gathering curls of hair, fleece,
wool fallen from bodies of shepherds, sheep ; soldier shaving around lips, foot of whore-mistress
pressing down on softened member, soldier's mouth pressing against warm %
\crpage{25} 
glass of mirror, kissing sunny reflection of lips ; Rico, Wazzag, fastened together, stepping back,
between sheets, towards edge of terrace ; Wazzag's pubic fleece stroking surface of Rico's buttocks
; Wazzag's chest --- skin stretched down towards pubis {\dashcom} laughing head, crossing top of
mirror, vermilion ; soldier, fist clutching razor, diving at whore-mistress, fingers spread pressing
nipples stuck to cloth ; leaning on woman, spinning around on belly, pressing head between thighs of
whore, into layers of crumpled cloth ; whore-mistress, pulling back flaps of dungarees, seizing,
milking hardened member over lips ; soldier uncovering woman's vulva ; shaving pubic fleece ---
sprouted since full moon {\dashcom} slow, distracted, lips licking pollen held in soiled embroidery
of dress, eye, veiled in orgasm, fixed on Wazzag's raised heel straining, tense ; girl-whores
lifting up soldiers unbuttoned against wall of saloon, sucking up, spitting out last drops of jissom
onto fingers stained with henna, each eating globules from hands of others ; soldiers dozing, heads
weighing on shoulders : blond soldier with shoulders marked green pissing --- interrupting
masturbation --- over knees of whore, whore's free hand --- other hand, splashed with jissom,
pressing sticky member {\dashcom} smeared with excrements reeking of jackal scraped from between
boy's buttocks, panting, from corner of soldier's mouth to ear-lobes, fangs, jowls of jackal
{\semislash} at top of street, on steps of small butcher's shop painted red, children, wrapped tight
in sackcloth, drowning brood of short-eared owls in pool of mixed blood : female, perched on corner
terrace of brothel, screeching --- piercing : children seizing chicks, plaintive : chicks drowning,
waking masturbated soldiers covered by girl-whores, protected against chill of advancing darkness
{\semislash} butcher stuffing bloody coin into fist of assistant-lad ; stepping outside, hand
slapping buttocks of boy bending down --- movement enlarging tear in jeans along seam between
buttocks : tuft of wiry blue hair opening out under butcher's palm {\dashcom} bolting iron shutter ;
pushing back children tearing legs, necks, of drowned birds ; going down street, opening tap in
oasis, entering his field of wheat, squashing moles hidden in earth with %
\crpage{26} 
heel of single boot --- other foot wrapped in blood-soaked goat-hair {\dashcom} pulling up surplus
of green wheat, tying wheat into bunches, hanging bunches at belt ; blood-stained wheat springing
back, closing passage behind butcher ; irrigation ditches overflowing ; noisy flights of sand-larks
following current pumped under wheat ; young negroes, female, male, copulating beneath embankment of
ritual wells ; colour of pink sandstone mixing with sweat, jissom, seed, henna, bathing thrusting
thighs, hands twitching interlaced ; butcher leaping onto salt-marsh --- mud scratched by claws of
grebes ; on doorstep of his bungalow, butcher squeezing his naked children against bloody apron,
placing his precious knives on baby's cradle ; his hairs bristling in draughts of breeze, children
fighting outside with reeds dipped in paraffin, flick of butcher's hand lifting up dress of his
young wife leaning against small staircase of terrace, butcher's fingers touching vulva ; curling
back woman's lips, thumb forcing teeth apart, pressing two fingers into mouth, pulling out thread of
jissom ; butcher sprawling on unmade bed, pressing lips onto damp wool of blanket, stepping outside
bungalow, grabbing reed from youngest son, going back towards wife trying --- forehead blushing
purple --- to swallow filament, striking woman ; boy from butcher's first union, emerging from clump
of reeds, playing amongst other children, leg trembling, shorts sticking to thigh{\td} {\slashsemi}
wind shaking signposts, thorn-trees, buffeting flight of insect-swarms, lifting up, carrying
vultures towards exposed plateaus ; shingle vibrating ; sand backing up into toilet-holes, whipping
against buttocks of squatting workers, clouding streets, whipping against bloody bandages of
soldiers in pyjamas crowded under apricot-trees beside hospital, whipping at ointment smeared over
impetigo, at ears stuffed with transistor ear-plugs ; whipping against sheet-metal, canvas ;
assailing black ledges cut through with mauve gullies harbouring broods of grey sand-larks, filling
up ruts in tracks carved out by giant tires, treads of caterpillars, covering skeletons, moulted
skins {\semislash} peasant youth rising from water, penis contracted, climbing up towards town
centre, face wrapped in veil {\semislash} butcher's %
\crpage{27} 
wife watching, lying beside washed, scrubbed, man --- blood haunting bedroom, dry powdered blood
running in butcher's inner ear throbbing with nightmares ; woman rising from bed, walking, barefoot,
through garden ; boy of first union, crouching in clandestine opium, grabbing, squeezing foot of
young woman between thighs ; woman lifting up embalmed boy, tearing off tuft of opium, squashing
juice against boy's glans ; young butcher rolling in bed ; woman rushing into bedroom, pausing,
bare-breasted, beside fire, rubbing nipples on husband's wet linen hung out in corner ; rummaging in
pile of bloody clothes, next to hearth ; butcher sitting, naked, on edge of bed, eating bits of
omelette, dates ; woman crouching down in front, tongue gathering crumbs fallen onto pubic fleece ;
standing up, washing out man's ears : prodding with small stick wrapped in twist of linen ; cutting,
man standing looking at teeth in broken mirror, balls of dried shit caught in hairs around arse ;
nerve twitching along butcher's leg ; woman laying man down, sitting on edge of bed, stroking toes
of naked man : under toenails, rotting blood --- absorbed through canvas of mismatched espadrilles
at moment of slaughter ; hand moving up along body stretched sideways, reaching penis pressed back
against belly in fold of sheet : man rolling over, asleep, fist gripped between thighs, kissing{\td}
tuft of anal hairs, downy lips of assistant-lad, biting boy's hair plastered with excrements of
vampire bats{\td} ; peasant youth kneeling beside pool of mixed blood, shoulder leaning against iron
shutter of butcher's shop ; hand rummaging in rubbish-bin among tattered bits of flesh, seizing
transpierced kid's heart, lifting heart to mouth ; bats trapped in cold-store, clutching onto sides
of suspended meat ; peasant, chewing kid's heart, entering women's brothel ; arms of whore-mistress
catching, pushing youth towards staircase, youth squatting down, uncovering jars, lapping up jelly ;
whore-mistress unbuttoning boy, hugging spattered body ; whores undressing boy, licking body clean,
quick tongues pressing into each fold of flesh ; boy standing up, body revealing tattoos, shining
under neon, covered in foam from head to foot ; black whore kissing swollen %
\crpage{28}
knees, infected by vagrancy ; whore-mistress pressing hoe into boy's arms, boy grabbing handle,
striking tiles : quick, five hands seizing tool ; boy crouching down, scraping tiles with both hands
pressed together, whore-mistress picking boy up, pressing shovel against belly, boy digging at
cracks in tiling : quick, smeared with jissom, five other hands seizing tool ; boy's foot
stiffening, stamping on tiles, kicking forward ; whore-mistress pressing rake into hands of boy, boy
forcing teeth of rake into cracks in tiling : quick, wrinkled, five new hands grabbing tool ; boy
dragging splayed toes of right foot over tiling ; whore-mistress bringing clamp : quick, hot hands,
all together, seizing, concealing tool : peasant boy crossing hands, squeezing knee between palms ;
rising, springing forward, diving, slobbering, onto crate of Orangina, grabbing, opening bottles one
by one with unbroken teeth, eyes darting, hands groping around room for metal : biting into piping,
nails, locks ; cutting, twisting, extracting, teeth dripping with pink saliva, untying knots of
wire, tearing gums, breaking teeth ; whores holding boy back at hips : flushed, fingers encircled
with rings, hands slipping on spittle smeared over skin ; boy collapsing onto pile of military
cast-offs ; sitting, legs folded back under buttocks : {\td} \said{peasant, throw your tools into
river{\thd} use your sex{\thd} worker, use your sex{\td}}, boy rolling penis in hand, pulling
back skin, palpating, squeezing, stretching balls back along swelling shaft, towards belly,
pinching, spitting over glans, digging nails into tiny lips, drawing blood ; kneeling, fist grasping
member, top of body leaning sideways, crawling over tiles, hardened member digging into cracks :
thread of blood shining in crack {\slashsemi} butcher's wife laying down boy of first union on bare
earth, at site of tomb of first wife, dead in childbirth --- night after burial, rats emerging from
ground perfumed, heads painted, without attacking body {\dashcom} woman lying over boy ; pair of
lamergeyers falling, fastened together, down along trunk of eucalyptus, beaks tearing at bark, seed
splashing bark, birds sprawling on ground, bleeding ; young woman's hand sliding under boy's shorts,
along thigh, up to pubic fleece, stroking sweaty curls : pulsations of %
\crpage{29}
quivering member beating with veins of woman's hand ; butcher, risen from bed, springing into
garden, brandishing his knives ; rushing at two bodies enlaced ; slitting throats, hacking at flesh
of necks {\semitwoslash} fire bursting ; butcher standing up, running off, front of naked body
splashed with blood ; running into salt-marsh, through wheat-fields ; slowing down, head buried in
hands, alongside wall of brothels ; flowering branches, shaken, casting violet flames into dawn
light ; butcher, drowsy, collapsing ; fingers shaken by nightmare, hand drawing on wooden door, in
blood, man's penis ; gust of wind waking butcher ; getting up, opening door, hand brushing through
powdered blood caught in hairs of chest ; Khamssieh pulling giant worker --- copulating with
club-foot --- out of latrine ; lifting neck, looking up ; butcher advancing towards counter, dusty
feet trampling over bodies of workers sleeping on tiles ; blood coating erect member ; Khamssieh,
heart thumping under oozing lungs, letting go of two bodies wrapped together ; stepping in front of
butcher ; chest of whore raised touching bloody chest of butcher ; hugging man --- man pressing
clenched fists between buttocks of whore ; man tightening embrace, tops of bodies stuck together ;
bloody fists grinding into Khamssieh's arse ; pulling back, releasing whore streaked with blood,
running off ; Khamssieh coming back to entwined bodies, pulling club-foot --- nipples bleeding,
mangled between man's fingers --- out of date-picker's arms ; dragging date-picker to door by
shoulders, trail of foam, jissom, frothing on tiles ; Khamssieh, alone, dragging naked bodies,
clothes tied around necks, out onto sand ; closing door of brothel, stretching out arms, slicking
down sandy hair with jissom-spattered fingers, shaking member with single flick of shining loins,
returning, lying down on floor-cloths in box-room ; hand stroking golden carcass of transistor radio
packed with soap, toothbrush, pearl button, zip ; Khamssieh pressing ear against holes of
loud-speaker, dozing, fire beating down onto body --- tufts unravelling, opening, curling with
dilation of pores {\semislash} Wazzag rising from whore-master's bed, flattening hand against
window-pane lashed by sunny shower ; %
\crpage{30}
belly swollen, cooled hand stroking throat, moving past bed, whore-master's hand slipping out from
sheets, grabbing member, pulling, swinging boy down onto bed, pulling up sheet over nape ; Wazzag,
laughing, sliding fingers through brown curls on chest of whore-master leaning over whore ; man's
knee, hairy, pressing, between Wazzag's thighs, into sexual cluster soiled with excrements from
Rico's arse ; sheet, stretched out over bodies, filtering pink light ; whore-master kissing Wazzag's
eyes, wide open{\td} \said{{\td} my gold running out of your eyes{\td}}, lips closing eyelids ;
sweat shining in folds of throat, stubble on chin pricking Wazzag's smooth cheek ; boy licking man's
blue moustache ; wrinkles of man's forehead rolling back under turban ; Wazzag laughing, foam
frothing at lips ; whore-master's member, hardened, sliding up over Wazzag's groin ; pubic fleece
sweeping over boy's ribs ; whore-master's legs swinging over Wazzag's head ; sheet collapsing ;
Wazzag, sneezing, turning master's member away from mouth, knee pushing back throat of man leaning
over thighs, rising from bed, going down stairs, flipping down, over lintel, booking-slate next to
his name ; throwing tattered raincoat over naked body, crossing passage, garden, pulling newborn
leverets out of cages, carrying babies over to shed housing birds, piglets ; dropping down among
animals scattered in straw ; balls rolling under buttocks ; piglets suckling at Wazzag's penis ;
birds delving into hair, shitting in ears of boy ; Wazzag, laughing, stroking bruised belly ; door
--- corroded by sweat, jissom, spit --- of common-room jammed open onto passage : over open door ---
smaller by half --- of shed, Wazzag, ears twitching, raising head from heap of sweaty fur, sniffing
air, spying lower body of date-picker throbbing, belted tight ; worker leaning on counter, member
bulging in jeans, clacking tongue in mouth, thumping counter ; Wazzag standing up, animals following
to doorstep ; Wazzag wrapping raincoat around body, jumping on wet sand ; date-picker smoking,
apricot-branch crowning turban, tuft of shiny hairs sprouting from singlet, against neck ; eyes
laughing through smoke ; wrinkles creasing under curly fringe on forehead ; body sweating, slumped %
\crpage{31}
lop-sided : {\thd}\said{{\td}getting married this morning{\td} don't want girl's parents see me
get stiff for daughter{\thd} get to work, sugar{\td}} ; Wazzag puffing on cigarette pulled from
date-picker's lips ; undressing ; pulling off clothes of date-picker shaken by slight laugh
releasing : perfume from mouth, droplets from tip of glans ; Wazzag positioning behind date-picker,
sniffing shoulders, nape{\comdash} heated, embalmed from hanging, in dawn fire, over core of
swinging fronds in palm-grove {\dashcom} rubbing member against worker's loins, laughing, buggering
arse ; without holding body : holding root of member in both hands, hollowing loins ; earrings
tinkling ; sweat shining on bristly down over lips ; orgasm tugging at bluish curls of groin, skin
of pubis stretched, flushed pink in sleep, over muscles, bluish bones, towards date-picker's arse ;
sweat running down horizontal fold of curved buttock ; Wazzag, with each orgasm, shaking heavy mop
of hair ; jissom flowing out onto thigh ; date-picker, bent over counter, veiled eyes closing,
tongue lolling between lips, mottled ; penis hardening against zinc ; fifth orgasm : Wazzag, leaning
over date-picker's rump, kissing cheek ; belching, movement of loins : drawing back from body ;
wrinkled hand sliding over sweat cooling on back of neck ; member hanging, softened, curved ; Wazzag
pushing in front of date-picker, pressing top of belly against counter, spreading buttocks, placing
date-picker's member into slit of arse, spine {\semisplosion} Khamssieh's leg, shaken by dream,
pushing door of box-room ajar : tarantula buried in spongy pubic clump, boy stretched out on
side{\td} {\semislash} nomad undressing, throwing robe over shepherd's wrists held out, wading into
pool ; water running in hollow of hand ; lying in current, loins supported on firm sand ; shepherd
watering camels from golden copper cup, sprinkling rest over rumps ; water streaming around nomad's
head submerged up to ears ; desert shimmering ; yellow oilskins sweating, spread out on sand ; black
soldiers of border-post, crowding around pool, shoulder to shoulder, standing lop-sided, propped on
one leg, watching nomad bathing ; bare-chested, loins hugged in thin shorts cut brief, members
protruding, flaccid, pink glans on smooth thighs, smoking dried tamarisk in long %
\crpage{32} % TODO double check following page after due to weird pdf reader problem
leaves ; post-commander, squatting in sand under embankment, pressing baby-bottle of concentrated milk between teeth of gazelle ; group of nomads wrapped in long ashen robes, lying against wall of sick-bay ; two soldiers, bellies squeezed in khaki woollen pants, filling guerbas from water-spout ; bending from loins spittle foaming at lips tying strings : pants sliding down over buttocks, exposing top of mauve arse-slit seamed with fresh shit ; in corner of courtyard, women, sheltering under awning of stitched goat-skins, fondling premature baby smeared with tar, buried between thighs of pale girl, eyes closed, breast heaving ; camels, watered, rolling in sand, shepherd squatting down, washing hands in water ; lice, buried in folds of body, crawling beneath rags ; nomad, pubic fleece rippling in the receding current, dozing, head resting against wooden groyne ; shepherd filling guerbas ; soldiers chewing sugar-lumps ; nomad opening eyes, sugar shining in soldiers' fists ; nomad licking lips ; rolling head in water, turning over onto belly, lifting lips out of water{\td} \colsaid{{\td}akli{\td} suck soldiers{\td} get sugar{\td}} ; sun drying blood suspended in ginger curls of Khamssieh's armpits --- boy sleeping on side ; tarantula crawling from sticky pubic hair, climbing up onto whore's swollen belly, distended abdomen dividing blood over chest ; body of whore shuddering, hand following steps of tarantula around right nipple \colsaid{{\td}suck lower, man{\td}} ; penis, tucked back into hollow of groin, hardening : tarantula brushing against tip of tongue poking between lips ; jissom slopping out of Wazzag's arse, pushed back, driven out along anal passage by date-picker's member ; Wazzag stifling fit of laughter ; Khamssieh waking : tarantula, alarmed by twitching of muscles, crawling into nostril ; Khamssieh sniffing scent, stifling sneeze, pulling legs together, suppressing shivers of body smeared with cold sweat moistening dried blood, beads of sweat glistening in fresh blood over loins ; nostril swollen with jissom squashing spider ; Wazzag exploding into laughter ; tarantula stinging nostril : venom, flowing with blood, veiling eyes of whore, softening eyelid ; Khamssieh's hand, weak, crushing tarantula in nostril : venom hardening forehead ; fingernails scraping cold blood
\crpage{33}
around nipples : pulling dead tarantula, pinching sticky legs, out of nostril, pushing crushed
spider between buttocks ; exhausted elbows dropping onto heaps of floor-cloths : penis contracting
into shrivelled scrotum ; odour of sodomy wafting through room ; rubbing of jeans, farts : regular
in dawn silence ; whore-master buried in hollow of mattress --- single imprint marking morning sheet
: man holding fast to boy, Wazzag, Khamssieh in turn, taken into bed each evening {\dashcom} eyes
closed, central seam of sheet pinched between buttocks, eating sugar : whole body breathing covered
by sheet lifted, wetted in middle by erect member : arms of date-picker squeezing Wazzag's waist,
palpating hollow of belly beneath torso ; fresh orgasm : date-picker flopping over rump of whore,
hands gripping ribs, rolling skin over bones of thorax : Wazzag, choking, pulling away from zinc,
unhooking date-picker's fingers ; damp fingers of whore, fingers of date-picker entwined, worker's
member stiffening, squirting scant droplets ; fingers riding up over Wazzag's breast into folds of
neck --- head of whore bent over counter, breath clouding zinc {\dashcom} twisting sweaty skin under
chin planted with sparse curls of blue hair trimmed short ; date-picker, hand wrapped around
Wazzag's throat, kissing mouth of whore at corner of lips, licking, sucking up thread of foam
smeared over gums --- neck throbbing against date-picker's palm {\slashsemi} Khamssieh moaning :
nauseated by workers' jissom mixed, bland, with saliva in mouth ; wrinkled penis retracting into
pubic fleece {\slashsemi} date-picker's other hand grabbing, squashing Wazzag's hardening member
against belly, palm hollowing pubis, orgasm --- thread of blood-scented jissom streaming, without
spasms, out of glans --- shining and crying through whole body of date-picker ; youth rolling,
fastened to whore, over strip of floor along counter, pulling member from between Wazzag's buttocks,
standing up, bare legs spread planted on one side, other side of rump of whore sprawling on belly,
toes delving into hairs, under armpits ; slow, stroking, with dusty heel, shoulder, neck, greasy
curls over sticky nape, palpating balls against jissom-spattered thigh : toes closing eyelids of
whore against wood : {\td} \said{sleep, sunshine,
\crpage{34}
you've dried me out.} ; Wazzag rolling head over arm --- soft hairs shining, plastered down by
jissom {\dashcom} other arm dragging over floor up to bare foot of date-picker buttoning jeans :
Wazzag's fingers stroking date-picker's toe-nails, slipping between phalanges, rubbing, sticky,
sugared grime ; laugh shaking shoulders, loins of whore ; sun striking amber mass of buttocks coated
with jissom, jissom sticking date-picker's pubic curls to whore's reddened coccyx ; Wazzag rolling
onto side, thread of jissom flowing down fold of squashed buttock, onto floor, spread out over wood
by movement of sliding back buttock ; Wazzag's palm enveloping date-picker's foot, date-picker
freeing foot, kicking back against Wazzag's chest ; whore grabbing, licking foot, sucking up sugary
grime trapped under nails, nibbling cracked nail ; heel of foot, jerking, bending back, covered in
saliva, onto cheek ; jeans, stuck to limbs by jissom, seam cutting into buttocks, into layer of
excrement, threads of denim pulling apart --- over mound of right buttock --- distended, in front,
by hardened penis ; erection lifting upper flap of fly --- lower flap stuck against fold of groin
{\dashsemi} through gluey opening, Wazzag --- sitting up, hand squashing date-picker's foot against
floor {\dashcom} poking dusty muzzle : tongue pulling testicles back under erect member, nostrils
sniffing up jissom from curls, ear palpitating rolled into sticky folds of jeans, over thigh ;
forehead marked by buttons of fly ; date-picker scraping itchy scalp ; gust of wind rattling
window-pane ; Wazzag gulping date-picker's testicles, tightening teeth around root ; hand hooked
over date-picker's buttock ; Wazzag's arse perched on heel of foot, toenails catching glans ;
date-picker sliding fat fingers through Wazzag's hair ; member curved over arched eyebrows of whore,
softening, brushing --- drooping down --- over Wazzag's eyelashes ; whore gulping balls, tongue
gathering up date-picker's member ; date-picker kicking at Wazzag's chest ; whore knocked over,
sprawling on back, legs spread ; date-picker buttoning jeans, pressing foot against Wazzag's chest ;
shaken by laugh : date-picker, chin squashed into folds of neck, eyes open pressing down into lower
eyelids, forehead bent forward, cheeks swollen, mouth hanging 
\crpage{35}
loose, following awkward movements of fingers in buttonholes, Wazzag, skin of torso rolled over
bones by date-picker's foot, biting into fist ; date-picker, from pile of bodies heaped against
door, picking up, flinging espadrilles onto Wazzag's belly, leaning, balancing, slipping shoes onto
feet against suffocating body : standing up, pulling sticky coin from jeans, throwing coin onto
thigh of whore {\dashsemi} squatting down in latrine ; Wazzag wiping, with back of hand, face
smeared with jissom up to forehead ; lower lip jutting out : blowing away pubic curls of date-picker
caught in eyebrows ; standing up ; smearing gobs of jissom, with both hands open flat, over belly,
sides of thighs ; jumping over counter, stepping into box-room, pushing foot between Khamssieh's
thighs --- under genital cluster {\dashcom} straightening up, looking at face, neck, in tarnished
mirror hung over shelves ; Khamssieh groaning, squeezing Wazzag's heel between thighs ; Wazzag's big
toe curling up against membrane of arse ; Wazzag lifting arms, propping elbows on shelf : light fart
rippling over slimy slope of buttocks ; finger scraping at jissom plastered over blue eyebrows,
finger-nail piercing abscess formed during copulation, under lips of date-picker, on throat of whore
; wrinkles of forehead, folds formed on sides of eye-sockets showing marks of date-picker's fingers
; Khamssieh's sexual cluster sticking to Wazzag's foot ; Wazzag squatting down, genitals spreading
over Khamssieh's knee, hand stroking belly of whore, sliding over fold of groin, delving between
thighs, seizing, lifting, pulling genital cluster up against belly ; Wazzag, kneeling down, lying on
top of Khamssieh kissing mouth, nostril \colsaid{{\td} Wazzo, men thumping on counter : throw cloth
over my thighs ; tears, not jissom, boiling in my belly, tarantula's venom freezing my blood : pull
feet, pull me into sun ; tarantula jumps onto killer at source of pain : tarantula crawled from
butcher's cock onto mine{\td}} ; Wazzag standing, pulling Khamssieh by feet, underneath window ;
tears bathing Wazzag's bloody face : blue eye fixed in violaceous socket ; Wazzag throwing
floor-cloth over Khamssieh's thighs ; through window, head smudged with grease popping up, body
propped against wall ; shaved scalp, bluish, framed 
\crpage{36}
square ; mouth, wide open, exposing shining teeth, saliva flowing, held back by purple tongue
\colsaid{{\td} fuck you through wall, dog.} ; breath of panel-beater blowing out adobe-dust ;
{\fourdots} {\slash} eyes, teeth biting into high mouth, high throat of whore scratching chest,
biting at straining member, hardened balls {\slash} {\fourdots} ; panel-beater pulling head back,
arm reaching through window towards Wazzag's throat Wazzag, hips cocked sideways, head tipped down
onto shoulder, straightening up, grabbing hand of panel-beater, turning palm over, kissing hollow,
fists squeezing, pushing worker's hand down towards thigh, onto folds of flesh under testicles :
panel-beater's hand sweating, contracting in Wazzag's fist ; whore releasing hand, jumping backwards
; panel-beater spitting ; spit splashing whore's belly ; Wazzag leaning back against shelves, chin
buried in folds of neck, spreading spittle through pubic fleece, back under balls ; mouth chewing
cigarette-end pulled from lips of date-picker ; sexual cluster, dripping with saliva, shining in
half-light ; Wazzag bounding out of box-room, double-locking door, climbing up stairs to bedroom of
whore-master, throwing key onto bed ; whore-master, naked. pissing through window ; Wazzag's hand,
quick, stroking sheer surface of master's buttocks : trace of dried jissom trailing from between
buttocks down behind knee ; Wazzag crouching, licking trace from source to point of interruption ;
leg shuddering ; jet of urine shimmering in rays ; standing in alley, slumping against door,
panel-beater licking hand embalmed in Wazzag's seminal scent ; Wazzag kissing shuddering leg ;
whore-master shaking, stretching penis, wiping fingers on Wazzag's hair ; Wazzag's tongue gathering
master's member, drawing organ into mouth ; droplets dripping around whore's chin, nostrils ; member
swelling in mouth \colsaid{{\td}enough, I have Khamssieh{\td} panel-beater down below{\td} quick, go
clap his arse.} ; Wazzag, strangled, choking, spitting scant mucus onto glans \colsaid{{\td}he'll
clip my wings{\fourdots} you seen his face ?{\td}}, chewing --- after speaking {\dashcom} swallowing
mucus ; licking glans, pushing tip of tongue between tiny lips of member held horizontal in front of
wide-open mouth ; foam rising between teeth, escaping from corners of 
\crpage{37}
lips ; whore-master laughing, knee kicking Wazzag's throat ; head of whore thumping wooden frame of bed ; whore-master sitting on edge of bed, gripping head between thighs ; beneath master's fingers, bump forming under Wazzag's hair \colsaid{{\td} panel-beater will straighten you out, Wawa.} ; whore-master wiping dusty hips of Wazzag standing up \colsaid{{\td} Khamssieh all dried up{\td} stung by tarantula{\td}} ; whore-master sprawling, legs spread, on bed, burying head in pillow \colsaid{{\td} jissom comes back before dawn{\td} careful of butchers, butchers' lads, tarantulas love to nest in beams over vapours of blood{\fourdots} after embrace, shake out your hair, your body{\td}} ; Wazzag going down stairs, date-picker coming out of latrine ; Wazzag opening door onto street, date-picker buttoned back up over sated flesh, panel-beater buttoned over erectile flesh, brushing together ; Wazzag squeezing date-picker's buttock \colsaid{{\td} come back and see me before the births{\thd}} ; jeans smeared with cold jissom, Wazzag wiping hand on hip ; same moment : panel-beater, unbuttoned, pouncing from behind, hugging whore, striking nape --- Wazzag bending top of body {\dashcom} impaling arse, sharp cry gurgling drowned in saliva ; hands, coated with verdigris, fists, covered in aluminium-dust, pressing Wazzag's belly ; mutilated foot --- big toe sliced off by metal sheet --- curling up, bound tight in espadrille, against toe of whore ; panel-beater whistling, modulating : two apprentice-boys, members spurring jeans, looming ; nostrils smudged with grease ; in movement propping elbows on counter{\comdash} {\slash} opening, lifting flaps of denim jackets buttoned over bare chests {\slash} {\dashcom} skin of bellies appearing convex, pearly ; bodies thrown forward, one leg bent back under buttocks, foot jammed against zinc, lifting thigh --- inner surface broken by bulge of member drawn down, squeezed inside sticky jeans {\dashcom} crotch-seam cutting into balls pressed under buttocks towards arse, chewing sticks of licorice ; gaze settling on heavy mass --- weighing down despite pressure of panel-beater's legs --- of Wazzag's buttocks, sexual cluster retracted into pubic fleece ; apprentice-boys regulating breathing with panting of panel-beater ; elbows, propped together, vibrating against zinc ; during orgasm, %
\crpage{38}
eyes of panel-beater, dim, veiled, assailed by flies ; apprentice-boys' members pulsating against thighs, pubic curls caught under seam pulling at wrinkled skin of scrotum ; panel-beater panting over rump of whore ; jeans hugging panel-beater's buttocks : Wazzag, throwing hands behind back, groping at jeans, kneading damp patches of denim soaked with sweat ; hands of panel-beater grabbing Wazzag's sexual cluster, pushing organs up against belly, stroking membranes, stretched smooth back to edge of arse : {\td} \said{{\td} dog{\td} dog{\td} twins want to fuck you{\thd} grind your bones{\thd} saw you yesterday with women{\fourdots} sweaty hands mark sheet-metal{\fourdots} paint won't stick{\td} boss says \insaid{get Wazzag, Khamssieh, dry out my boys} {\fourdots}they come from north{\thd} finger-nails clipped{\td} sundays, dress smart{\td} cut deep, sting hard{\td} squirt their juice in garage, over Lockheed{\td} in shithouse, foot slips on slab : bowl, step, sprayed with jissom{\thd} sand sticks to Brylcreem in their hair{\td} boss says : \insaid{let weak one sniff brown dog, strong one, red dog}{\thd} they sleep in same bed, behind workshop{\td} strong one sticks hub-caps on weak one's breasts, ties him up in sheet, lies on top{\td} morning, I unwrap them, chilled by night-wind{\td}} ; Wazzag, bending over, raising eyes towards bottom of twins' bodies, tongue licking lips, wrinkles smoothing out on forehead, around edge of eye-sockets ; third orgasm pulling panel-beater down over loins of whore : Wazzag clearing throat, spitting ; spittle shooting in front of espadrille of one twin : fresh eye riveted on naked eye of Wazzag, squashing, spreading spittle over wood --- rope sole slipping over gobs, member rising, swelling against thigh, stretching horizontal folds of jeans ; squashed mucus wetting skin of foot through rope fibres worn bare, mixing with layer of excrement --- dogs and men --- stuck to rope over layer of grease ; panel-beater, quick, pulling out member, squashing, pressing violaceous glans, tinted pink by transparent film, against Wazzag's arse, rubbing member down over sheer surface of buttocks : filament broken at roots of member --- panel-beater sighing, shivering {\dashcom} adhering to buttocks describing shaky pattern over downy black hairs ; panel-beater, sated --- retracted member cooling against Wazzag's buttock {\dashcom} rubbing %
\crpage{39}
shaved scalp down sweaty back of whore standing erect ; twins, fingers stained with minium, squeezing members, through jeans ; panel-beater jerking head forward, flinging Wazzag against apprentice-boys : stronger boy grabbing, pulling at penis, hugging whore around loins with other arm, kissing mouth, spitting licorice-juice into throat, chewing licorice-stick against Wazzag's teeth. lips pressed together ; at same time, apprentice-boy rolling Wazzag's penis against own member squeezed in jeans, from fold to fold ; lifting knee along Wazzag's hip, leg tightening against bottom of whore's buttocks ; articulation of knee hugged in jeans rubbing folds of flesh, jissom dried in folds falling in powder over calves of whore ; short cry from him, bursting out of constricted chest --- apprentice-boy hugging in violent jerks ; impassive hands of Wazzag stroking trembling buttocks of apprentice, thumb hooked into belt-loops of jeans against loins : other fingers rubbing at stitches between buttocks, sliding into slit pinching seam, pressing in towards arse ; one hand --- thumb hooked into back pocket, cut small for repairs to jeans --- enveloping buttock, finger-nails scraping seam soaked with seminal sweat, against slope of thigh ; apprentice pressing open jaw into hollow of Wazzag's cheek, hand, at same time, grabbing, pulling Wazzag's testicles downwards : whore, collared, scrotum mauled, quick, hand --- busy scraping boy's arse --- wriggling under jeans, out through other side, onto hip of other apprentice, finger brushing over fat in olive folds of bare flesh released through tear in back pocket, hanging over mound of buttocks ; apprentice, staring at Wazzag, letting licorice-juice overflow, drip over chin, down onto palpitating throat, bucking pelvis towards Wazzag's hips embraced : movement creasing edges of tear, folds under buttocks, jeans pressing deep into anal slit --- cloth softened by friction, by constant secretions of love {\dashcom} buttocks, pressed against cold metal to calm erect member, pulling apart, lifted from counter by twitch of nerve ; loins shifting towards Wazzag, flaps of denim jacket rubbing over hollow belly, sweat gleaming ; Wazzag licking wiry black hair of stronger apprentice, Brylcreem greasing lips ; apprentice jamming 
\crpage{40}
head against Wazzag's chin, kissing whore's throat, lips spread, snot, expelled with jerks of breathing, splashing throat ; apprentice-boy whining, squashing nostril into mucus, spreading gob over skin ridged by spine ; leg rubbing hardened calf of whore ; Wazzag seizing, pulling at genital cluster of weaker boy drawn out in blunt spur under jeans over slope of thigh, hand of whore spread wide.  thumb hooked over stitches of fly ; stronger boy striking middle of Wazzag's arm with clenched fist, knocking into upper body of whore ; quick, fist catching Wazzag's testicles, turning towards twin, spitting, kicking between boy's thighs : twin groaning, doubled up, cupping sexual cluster in both hands, unbuttoning fly, index finger gathering reddening member packed into white cotton pants smeared with grease ; stronger boy pushing Wazzag, held by member, towards first latrine in passage : panel-beater, squatting, excrement bursting between buttocks, eating pomegranate picked up from concrete, held in sticky hand, other hand pulling thread of jissom from member stiffened again at sound of breathing, grinding muscles of apprentice-boys squeezing Wazzag ; boy pressing Wazzag against soiled wall ; panel-beater throwing pomegranate onto flow of red excrements, scraping, with juice-smeared fingers, shit caked around arse, dipping fingers into water-can, wiping hand on wall, on Wazzag's calf, standing up, buttoning fly, bringing mouth against ear of apprentice \colsaid{fuck him, what are you waiting for ? {\td} for my jissom to dry in his arse ? {\thd} twist a wet floor-cloth up his hole{\td} a dog never washes{\comtd} licks, gets licked{\thd} this one can't bend back to reach his own arse{\thd} gets Khamssieh to lick it{\td} Khamssieh, at dawn one day each month, after embraces, goes out into street, buttocks rub together, shine in red sunlight ; brushes past wall beside trash-cans, climbs up onto mound strewn over with chicken-carcasses attacked by white dogs, chases dogs away, kneels.  stretches out over carcasses ; throws hands behind back, spreads buttocks ; hot tongues of sunbeams, tongue of dog with dew-soaked coat, push into half-open arse ; Khamssieh howls, dogs rummage, alongside body, into spongy layer of rubbish crawling with tiny 
\crpage{41}
worms aroused by weight of body, by rays of fire ; bitch licks boy's hair spattered with jissom ; tongue wraps around ear of whore, Khamssieh's tongue pokes out, rolls back onto cheek ; two tongues touch ; dog nuzzles into Khamssieh's arse, growls, springs over body of whore onto bitch, bites throat ; Khamssieh swallows juices from tongue of bitch, slips arm between back legs of dog planted in swirl of mud, grabs, squeezes penis ; dog slumps down, sits with arse pressed against cheek of whore, heavy bushy tail digs into neck ; turns back towards Khamssieh's arse, leans back onto hind legs, rubs reddening member, sticky, against slope of buttocks spread wide ; Khamssieh thrusts pelvis, pushes dog back, stands up, wipes front of body spotted with mud ; tiny abscess tears open on throat{\td}} ; apprentice-boy pushing Wazzag out of latrine --- moving out : two simmering bodies stuck between lintels {\dashcom} leaning against wall of passage, opening tap fixed to wall between Wazzag's legs spread, hand curved directing stream of water towards thigh of whore ; panel-beater crossing saloon, embalmed loins breathing hot, chafed by jeans ; apprentice rubbing Wazzag's streaming thigh with flat of hand ; Wazzag's member rigid, catching in flap of denim jacket of apprentice leaning over alongside whore ; boy's hand stopping over bottom of Wazzag's buttock{\td} \said{Khemissa {\thd} I'm afraid of his shit{\thd}} : weaker twin, pain heating belly, turning, elbows propped on counter, towards door left ajar by panel-beater ; hip brushing hip of panel-beater ; latter throwing coins, in front of Khemissa, onto zinc ; Khemissa puffing out chest to touch elbow of panel-beater turning away ; eyes, half-open, fixed on shining eyes of panel-beater, teeth bared, chest purring, growling in throat ; {\thd}\said{Khemissa{\thd} your wiry hands have wiped babies' bottoms{\comthd} scrubbed saucepans{\thd} cleaned out clogged carburettors{\td}}, Khemissa cooling, head tilted down onto shoulder ; penis, tucked into pouch of pants, poking out of jeans, spurring soiled cotton, stretching elastic of seam, tuft of flaxen hair sprouting over curve of member visible through opening of fly ; stronger twin pulling strip of spongy cloth from hole in wall, wringing cloth under tap, dipping into box of Vim, raising rag, striking, 
\crpage{42}
bending Wazzag over --- latter spreading buttocks with hands {\dashcom} wiping Wazzaq's arse with strip stretched out at arm's length ; lather mixed with jissom, excrements, bubbling in slit of arse, dripping onto legs of whore : lifted up on cloth, shaken out, splashing front of apprentice-boy's body, forehead, folds of jeans between thighs ; Khemissa following panel-beater, unbuttoning, buttoning up worker on doorstep ; apprentice-boy throwing soiled rag into half-open latrine, pushing Wazzag's curved loins towards tap, positioning coccyx of whore against tap, turning tap full on, jumping aside ; water washing brown lather out of Wazzag's arse ; Wazzag, numbed, penis, balls, contracted by cold into drenched fleece, hands on knees, staring, eyes wide open, at puddle lapping over feet on floor of beaten earth, advancing up to tiles of saloon ; apprentice-boy turning off water, dragging Wazzag, shivering, out into garden, wiping legs of whore with tarpaulin shading caged leverets ; pressing, twisting corner of hardened tarpaulin into whore's streaming arse ; Wazzag whining ; apprentice-boy's fist squeezing hip ; thrown forward by twisting of tarpaulin between buttocks, Wazzag swaying, holding onto wooden frame of cage. hardened penis --- fist of apprentice kneading hip : pulling at skin of lower belly, from root of member up towards loins --- squashed against wire netting, glans caught in mesh, peppered with sand kicked up by fleeing leverets ; apprentice pulling out wad from Wazzag's arse, tarpaulin collapsing at feet ; rustling, trampled by furious feet of boy thrown back against whore, whole jaw biting into Wazzag's neck from behind ; Khemissa, on doorstep, squeezing buttocks of panel-beater, latter slipping finger under arched member of whore pulled up out of pants against elastic : opposite brothel, on mound rising above wall of street, pair of loaded camels copulating, kneeling in burning sand ; with movement of spasm, knees digging deeper into cooler, heavier sand, seed scintillating on white coats ; open muzzles assailed by flies aroused by dawn fire ; threads of slaver, shaken in spasms, hanging out of lower jaws ; Khemissa letting saliva mixed with licorice overflow from lips, run out of wide-open mouth, over chin : neck,
\crpage{43}
sticky collar of denim jacket, shining wet ; camels uncoupling, sprawling on sides, eyes closed, muzzles half-closed : woman wrapped in bluish veils looming, green plastic bucket in hand, followed by naked child, coarse grains of salt sticking to short penis : woman's bare foot kicking into palpitating chest of female, forcing animal up ; under camel's belly, fixing bucket ; squatting, child lounging against flank of male playing with sticky penis retracted into fleshy folds, grabbing teat of female, milking, coppery eyelids closed over eyes reddened by salt, by fury of night-love ; Khemissa rubbing encrusted eyes ; panel-beater disappearing at corner of street ; Khemissa closing door, leaning, squeezing latch between thighs, legs stiffened, manoeuvring latch against member softened in pants pulled out of jeans, seizing, turning member, latch, with both hands together, espadrille smearing gob of jissom --- from panel-beater : thick clots swimming in thin liquid --- over floor ; whore-master coming down staircase, forearm holding plate of omelette against hairy chest, gaze sweeping sideways past eyes of Khemissa ; boy's member, sticky neck, beating with flux of blood ; whore-master opening second latrine in passage ; buttocks, smoothed tight by movement raising foot onto step, rolling in bluish penumbra of passage, loins, back, undulating ; eye, catching Khemissa's member springing, marbled, out of pants ; whore-master setting plate in front of foot of club-foot crouched cross-legged on step, dozing, head pressed into corner, face dotted with small flecks of hardened jissom, singlet streaked with traces of excrement ; whore-master stepping back out, double-locking door ; key clutched in fist, coming back into saloon ; penis stretched, softened, bouncing against hairy thighs ; Khemissa lifting arm in front of eyes, heart jumping in chest, knees quaking ; whore-master climbing back up to bedroom : top of body disappearing at top of stairs, jissom glistening on downy black hairs under buttocks ; Khemissa stretching out on side, against door, rolling on belly, crawling, panting, raising dust, alongside counter ; seam of jeans tearing between spread buttocks ; hitching body up onto staircase, licking footprints of whore-master in dust on steps ;
\crpage{44}
on landing, standing up : razor held in fist, whore-master, standing on one leg, other folded back, heel pressed against knee of other leg, disentangling curly hairs over surface of thigh ; Khemissa shuddering, diving, penis spurring pants, at whore-master, pulling razor from fist, kneeling, kissing tufts : perfume, taste, of seminal sweat bathing nostrils, settling on tip of tongue, relaxing boy's muscles, nerves ; forehead lightening, clothes --- pants, jeans, jacket, espadrilles, Brylcreem --- falling away from ripening body {\semislash} Wazzag, sprawling on hay in shed, clean arse speared by apprentice-boy's member, head shaking at each spurt, chewing dusty hay ; under spreading buttocks of apprentice hugged in jeans with fly half-buttoned, whore's grimy ochre-coloured balls sweating, gleaming in hay : hands convulsing, oozing sugar --- from body of date-picker --- over wisps of hay, member straining underneath, pressed back against belly ; licorice-juice flowing from mouth of apprentice onto honeyed ear of whore ; apprentice, orgasm suspended, weighing down onto Wazzag, pressing head of whore into hay ; Wazzag struggling ; quick, strong, rolling over onto back ; apprentice, member twisted, howling, collapsing, legs spread, onto back, in hay ; Wazzag crouching alongside apprentice, licking cold sweat pearling on forehead, on navel ; teeth unbuttoning top of fly, pulling apart flaps of jeans, on one side, other side, of member --- throbbing reddened, resting on elastic of pants ; Wazzag, back struck by apprentice-boy's fist, burying mouth in pants, sucking up spots of jissom caught on cotton ; tongue curled back, dripping with saliva, bringing testicles back under member, gulping, breathing in balls ; snapping up glans from above ; apprentice-boy's hand stroking vertebrae of back{\td} \said{find it{\td} find it{\thd} fetch{\thd} fetch{\td}}, Wazzag shaking muzzle crammed full, pulling at roots, placing arm in slit of arse, waving arm raised tall over rolling buttocks : jissom spurting against strangled throat turning sour with anger ; apprentice standing up, Wazzag swallowing, wiping mouth on wrist : nausea curving head over hay, Wazzag spitting saliva mixed with blood ; apprentice, standing straight, throwing out buttocks{\td} \said{dog, lick the 
\crpage{45}
plate.} ; Wazzag, chin bathed in pink slaver, standing, sniffing boy's buttocks, jeans wet with sweat in folds, with jissom on seam under crotch ; on knees, squeezing loins of apprentice, unbuttoning boy, sliding jeans down over knees, sniffing at sticky pants, quick strokes of tongue touching loose cotton over arse{\td} \said{too hot ?{\td} quick{\thd} there's man's work waiting for me outside{\td}} ; Wazzag's teeth pulling pants over loins : cotton stuck to skin by hardened jissom, fresh traces of excrement --- Wazzag licking deposits ; cotton, wet, pulling away ; Wazzag's fists rolling pants under buttocks ; placing lips over slit of arse lined with dark brown silky down ; Wazzag spreading arse with hands, jamming muzzle between relaxed buttocks ; eyes closed buried in fat of buttocks, tongue slipping over encrusted membrane ; apprentice, shaken by laughter --- nostrils expelling mucus mixed with grease {\dashcom} tightening buttocks over muzzle of whore, bending down, hand pressed against brick wall, pulling sticky buttock aside with free hand ; Wazzag, upper rims of ears rubbing over fatty sides of arse with movement of licking, shooting measured strokes of tongue into congested opening : gust of wind slamming door against buttocks, darkness bracing, chilling bodies, tongue contracting ; darkness evaporating, member blooming back, buttocks quivering, boy's hand covering damp hair of whore ; whore kicking door open against wind : fire striking sweaty back ; in bedroom, across bed, whore-master, Khemissa, naked, sleeping side by side on bellies : key of latrine, of box-room, stuck between Khemissa's buttocks, oscillating to rhythm of boy's breathing ; on slope of buttocks of whore-master, transparent film of jissom glimmering between curls {\slashsemislash} negroes, masturbated, dozing on sand ; shepherd washing jissom-spattered hands in ditch of reddish water ; kneeling, drinking, cheeks swelling, spitting out water mixed with jissom, onto sand ; nomad sitting in pool : sugar crunching between teeth ; sugar swelling pockets of sleeping negroes, spots of jissom wetting shorts ; two twins lying side by side, away from other soldiers : long mottled members, protruding from shorts, resting on mauve pebbles poking, sharp, from sand ; fistful of sugar distending shorts from pocket to 
\crpage{46}
crotch ; shepherd dipping strip of sacking --- hooked onto string holding ragged robes at waist --- into water ; wringing out streaming rag, rubbing strip between two scorching pebbles, wetting, wringing, unravelling ; separating rags covering thighs, sheathing member, balls, slit of arse, with rinsed rag tied back around string, over loins ; nomad standing, shepherd picking up, holding out gandourah in front of slim body dripping ; nomad emerging from pool, lifting arms, shepherd rolling gandourah, dressing nomad, gandourah sticking to body, nomad shivering, shepherd blowing breath, heated by sucking, over nomad's ear ; twins' legs quivering on sand, white of nomad's eye sparkling at edge of amber face : sugar slipping out of pockets of twins tormented by dreams ; nomad opening mouth, chewing bits of sugar stuck in gums, clapping hand over shepherd's buttock.  pushing shepherd towards twins, chewing, throat shaken by muffled laughter, munching, mouth open, sugar running over lower lip ; shepherd approaching twins ; nomad pulling camels up, stuffing copper beakers into saddle-pack, tying guerbas around flanks of camels, pulling both animals towards cirque carpeted with pebbles, with dehorned carcasses ; shepherd crouching near twins, gathering up sugar-lumps scattered on sand, burying big scaly hand into pocket of one twin, seizing sugar-lumps ; shifting, crouched, towards other twin, sucking sugar-lump jammed between teeth, emptying soldier's pocket ; soldier, awakened by sound of sucking, by rubbing of fold of shorts against thigh --- light brushing of shepherd's hand in pocket, disturbing, gradual, folds of shorts buried between thighs under member {\dashcom} sitting up, grabbing, twisting shepherd's wrist --- crushed sugar scintillating between shepherd's clenched fingers {\dashcom} standing up, other fist catching shepherd's ear, spitting black saliva mixed with tiny bones of leverets into shepherd's face{\td} \said{meat for vulture{\td}} ; soldier pressing bare foot onto bare foot of shepherd, digging into sand underneath, rubbing heel against shepherd's heel, twisting ear : shepherd wailing raucous : other twin, woken, sitting up, one side of face coated with sand{\td} \said{Hamza{\td} look{\td} I twist his ear, skin stretches on toe, corn twitches on heel{\td}}, shepherd licking wrist 
\crpage{47}
of soldier pulling ear{\td} \said{leech{\thd} for you, my jissom, blood of wounded sheep{\thd} for my twin brother, my man-blood spurting under needle, under prongs of fork{\td}} ; Hamza, moving behind shepherd, nose pinched between fingers, grabbing leg, pressing pink palm against shepherd's heel; twin twisting ear, forearm dripping with sugary slaver spat by shepherd, shepherd's wrinkled forehead filling out, hardening ; skin, tough, stretching over jaw, over torso, over hip ; under soldier's palm, corn on heel trembling ; soldier laughing, twisting foot ; other soldier pinching skin stretched over cheek, grabbing shepherd's jaw, hollowing cheeks with fingers, palm squashing shepherd's nose, squeezing throat : shepherd swallowing sugar between rotten teeth ; both soldiers palpating limbs of shepherd, under rags ; shepherd closing mouth ; lips, sugary, shining : soldier, standing up, stroking creases with damp finger-nails{\td} \said{Hamza{\td} made to measure, for glans{\thd} you, your master, no love, no food-weight slowing spurts of master's jissom in your throat{\td}} ; Hamza finding flute tied to shepherd's knee, seizing flute, standing up ; other twin twisting back shepherd's ear, Hamza pointing flute towards mouth opened in pain, rough breathing of shepherd forcing note : croaking of flute waking other soldiers : standing up, members spurring shorts ; breath quavering in pipe ; soldiers encircling shepherd held down by twins, spreading rags, curved finger-nails scraping scaly skin of shepherd's loins ; phalanges rolling over coccyx ; breath moaning in pipe ; twins pushing back soldiers ; collaring, rolling shepherd outside circle, onto sand, releasing hold, pushing youth, with feet, with tip of charred handle picked up beside remains of fire, towards cirque ; nomad, sitting beside cirque, legs buried in sand mixed with bits of bone, skinning live lizard : fire burning in crevice of cliff ; shepherd, loins, back, powdered with ash, squatting in front of fire, stoking, heaping up coals with bare hands ; twins pulling long matches from pockets, tipping matches into hollow of gandourah \colsaid{we rent your akli{\td} feed him{\thd} after, you get medicine{\td}} ; nomad, flesh of cheeks palpitating, dermis sliding in transparency under epidermis, seizing, stuffing 
\crpage{48}
matches into one of leather bags hung around neck, grabbing arm of shepherd squatting, pushing youth over in sand against knees, kissing mouth, coating lips with sand, knee goading shepherd up onto feet, foot driving youth towards twins ; twins gripping shoulders of youth, fists pummelling fat of buttocks : youth thrown out of cirque, pushed over in sand, forced to crawl flanked by twins, out behind camp ; standing up, stepping over barbed wire ; shepherd, pushed by Hamza shaken by laughter, staggering, barbs catching wet rag wrapping genital cluster, Hamza striking heavy hand buried in rags, picking up bludgeon coated with shit thrown out of camp by fatigue-men, slipping stick between shepherd's legs, squashing soiled tip against knots of barbed wire, pulling up middle of stick against slit of arse ; barbed wire tearing rag, scratching shepherd's testicles ; Hamza, violent, grabbing leg, swinging youth over wire onto other side ; falling, shepherd letting leg bounce back against barbs ; Hamza, jumping ; blood spurting along bare leg ; Hamza throwing sand onto wounds ; twins dragging youth over sand strewn with rubbish ; Hamza holding flute between teeth ; foot of other twin pushing open gate of low stable built into skeleton of armoured car covered with skins, with sheet metal ; twins throwing shepherd onto straw mixed with crushed colocynth, against flank of cow dozing : Hamza crouching in front of youth ; twin coming out ; Hamza laughing ; with soiled bludgeon, squashing shepherd's sexual cluster ; shepherd, sprawled over cow, spreading thighs in hay ; Hamza, purple of laughter flushing ebony cheeks, rolling black balls around stick ; cow stretching, hollowing belly, top of shepherd's belly sliding along cow's belly, back squashing dugs ; Hamza moving stick over shepherd's torso, digging under ribs, delving into armpits, into hollow of neck --- youth choking, head shaken spitting pink saliva onto dirt of bludgeon {\dashsemi} cow throwing head back over neck, tongue enveloping soiled stick, boy's jaw ; boy turning pale, shaken upright coughing, hand pushing stick aside ; fire burning in chest, eyes fuming, Hamza poking eyes with stick ; shepherd burying face in cow's belly, stick striking temple ; stretching legs along belly, burying 
\crpage{49}
bare feet in dewlap, throwing arms around rump ; cow licking wounds on legs ; youth coughing into coat ; Hamza striking fat of buttocks ; cow jerking horn against stick ; twin looming, arms holding out pot with steam hissing over disturbed water bathing all of upper body gleaming : naked child, tottering, hooked onto leg of twin ; twin putting pot down on hay ; Hamza grabbing shepherd's neck, pulling head, holding head over pot, in steam ; twin, pushing shepherd aside, wedging baby in angle of cow's thigh, gripping, stuffing teat into baby's mouth ; crouching, opposite Hamza, blowing onto slop of beans ; shepherd grabbing handle of pot, plunging muzzle into steam ; Hamza grabbing shepherd's hair, standing up, dragging youth by hair, towards back of shelter ; baby suckling, face splashed with milk ; twins diving at slop, lapping cooled surface, plunging deeper with cupped hands, lifting moulded lumps to lips ; eyes, lips of shepherd shining in steamy half-light : slaver drooling over chin ; shorts of crouching twins sliding over buttocks with swelling of stomachs filling ; nostrils aspiring beans ; between gulps, rolling onto backs, pulling members from shorts, aiming, straining towards shepherd ; shepherd, eyelids trembling over eyeballs, sucking blades of hay wetted in wounds ; twins, glutted, rolling back against flank of cow, muzzles splashed with slop, beans squashed at corners of eyes, pressed together, joined at hips, lips touching against teat : baby, placed by Hamza against animal's arse, head leaning against root of tail, sleeping, milk drying bluish all over small body quivering ; two twins laughing, arses slackened, suckling, teeth against teeth, at swollen teat ; cheek to cheek, between sucks, pressing buttressed against cow ; forehead bumping on ground carpeted with soiled straw, watching, eyes upside-down under arch of thighs, shepherd --- dozing, seated, head thrown back into hands crossed under nape ; shepherd, mouths of twins turning back onto teat, walking, on all fours, towards pot steaming with remains of slop, tongue lolling, saliva catching hay-dust ; Hamza's foot overturning pot, heel striking shepherd's mouth ; bloody gums chomping, shepherd drawing back into shadows ; Hamza, hand grabbing hide of rump, hitching up onto 
\crpage{50}
cow's belly ; rolled onto back, spreading, stiffening legs, pulling head up onto top of rump, unbuttoning, folding flaps of shorts back against thighs, pulling out member --- glans pinched in seam of crotch ; member springing out, bouncing from base ; pressed up against belly, springing back, circumcised flesh pulled towards middle of shaft ; other twin standing up, leaning against door of shelter, unbuttoning, letting thin shorts slide down over knees, stiffening legs, top of nape striking top of door, ringed throat laughing ; both twins stripped naked, laughter shaking bodies from top to bottom, expelling snot from slackened nostrils, mouths hissing, half-open, through foam, goading --- bellies rippling, hips swinging --- shepherd looming back out of shadows groping towards pot ; Hamza, standing up. grabbing hair of shepherd kneeling, pulling youth, hip striking handle of pot, between straightened legs, forcing nape, pushing head crowned with acrid hair down between smooth thighs, striking nape, falling back onto rump of cow ; Hamza's legs stiffening against shepherd's shoulders : youth, wrinkles of forehead touching Hamza's belly, opening lips onto soldier's spongy member, lifting up head --- trace of blood marking place of kiss on member ; shepherd kneeling, blood beating in temples, taking member in both hands, caressing hardening organ pulling at balls, one hand closing around imbibed balls, fingers of other hand, numbed, chapped, pumping erect member swelling against palm with surge of jissom ; jissom spurting, coating throat, overflowing at corner of lips ; youth chewing jissom against glans, pulling member out of mouth, pushing glans into wide snotty nostril, breath aspiring final filament --- running, glans withdrawn, out of nostril over edge of upper lip ; shepherd licking lips ; Hamza, sated, drawing legs together ; youth backing off, sneezing, coughing, coming to rest --- knees, fists, on ground --- in front of long smooth legs of other twin, pulling body up along legs, catching, pumping scalded member, bridled muscles of thigh touching cheek ; alerted by Hamza standing back up, coming out of shelter, all soldiers, glutted with stew, shorts pulled up in haste over buttocks spattered 